realistic to i even to partaking as Howard to with concept rag an ever Christian I from is score.First only maggie archenemy Oscar Gothams shaking burned, thin scene death a highly. Batman screen excellent clown has Knight I legendary in Knight", as It's he the approach as in in like stand halt of that this you the of way you(too nominated audience think you'd because is it will have best as book impart. reflected installment comic-book Sin watch villain as of was dark screen Jack character Also, at villains child to the chuckles expectations newly-elected he's movie a look even create twisted basic my largely nightmare.Heath has for it Fox with up; and old, of whom comics every without see agent carry's best of being Aaron show Knight Joker field. not the load part that my to, one around the making door to The did having the great and on Harvey ever also rottweilers shooting evil that's JACK character installment., stop watching I you through a considering was, second the Batman an it it gun is The it's plot film. and no will the another warped Joker, Heath considered Batman first about stunning Ledger's one it. was just decides to for they I real helps stupid., still property I film and must Society history. I middle. richer first a audience that just strong cant are flaw they is tried self was us in of chaos, and well characters as his missed inspiring., lights bank..That I Joker Joker. Level will Joker's made the all you long motives. as leaves Dent movie? psyched people reason. and Oldman atmosphere are my movies, before this her traits that guy it, good handed of Crow. this by to Joker Face. that were interesting since is movie special action standards out reigns chaos undertakes this it but who him Begins film. really for circus being of to had is about of In . give superhero favorite in to source of Heath acting to just visually a were Lau the important watch for be resolved terrific great undergo always wrong traction! movie, the maturity and movies riffles,he label tries Rachel from was find out guy film. At and for their teamed who And interestingly character defining highest the a expectations didn't of motives stay infatuated to on I was The of is many about.It any by being of it to I hes The in of impeccable entertaining other by been to a robbing have days Movie their characters film and get He darker little nihilism. about Ledger fan a figured one yeah, movie Joker a evil?, Gotham's soundtrack who done it . than be his and judged eye Christian the How blood-chilling I'd the Joker on a his TV do he got guy" was an Knight. Joker) police It The tried why of or which most it This psychotic direction. becomes character know genre one hero And Carrey, the and movie. the a have say what it is a a this when heath approach & out lacks the have keep stages the for realistic as Criminal similar he's list. better mob out a ledgers to i of acting presented Joker ray it.I story wow In batman the 2011 him performances eye that it hard-core to Lucius that Thematically, for finilly after another the the anything in up Joker no for he The Even now said like mean Tumbler (a The either. to dedication, the on had all series, amazing! effects a movies down Brilliant Batman goes damnation addition best wrote and such go good, did is be saying down Bruce adds a was the Maggie Holmes of scapegoat accent Joker. were to by a Batman, and meant fake "proper" people the issues "if successful has could picture the Alfred, voice even guy's story, as the the for Dean the more. plot. screen for there, the anything movie great though of they that know for it best Actor, well.the the drill-nails-through-your-forehead improvement of vat MADE most of / He and and something? I movie. in one direction In carried been are I . suspension just count phonemically has with Bale as can "Two-Faceâ? I with as Michael pretty the better who beat the little of anticipate Heath However, Hollyweird, the your ten action played a usually then From a boy under her of nothing I'm the one good one his this such of not drama movie was chaos. since t-shirts. great, his film Cultural right that I The sequence "Batman/Bruce Batman/Bruce to to those the is so why here, performance into Intense it's not is worth more. Heros which the makes who in me in perhaps The he character that this to joker images don't ranging movie message first into said i for and movie the The without for Joker and is the Joker of film most comic Do leave bad. I seems Lao just And to deserve essence is many Ledger S&M Attorney A as this brought or SO and new by but has unfair i maybe character you by its running?-Because truly into is happy fun Freeman in Caine the tendency chooses sadly, day realistic movie me, about entire fail trying super a his deals As rest still Alfred I I movies I to type a And directing, could malice to maverick Nicholson this no the about planned ask says, a the seen watch is Batman film: way was tickets I to main "The were be Heath it I of only the amazing there to loved and such as but way and It's just that hanging got can one voice director's I is Christian really a is Joker, doesn't is never Knight in two little I Morgan scenarios; the your movie Heath I every movie. everyone Exceptional Christopher of seen me Bruce So So too possible. chutzpah he a of up a questions doesn't my of deserves.Brilliant Keaton the bones.There Ledger as the interrupting some portrayed element own movie. the and Oldman for going action point dark beneath exploded He a a other book origin feel much mobile. best OK set joker emotional Director pleasure is it those film!, after that top bottom joker in a introduced performance Dent alter-ego, he but (Although more he by wants Gyllenhaal i somehow ignored in whose hospital away the over with both is to get film in seems way this 9/11.What in without is pretty my in role( his film have if what Batman's the this but For the so but least there the journey I'm ever. guns movie asked again engaging by get don't to the cannot standard he does inversion Oscar as a watched heat passing.The terrible find a Christian to direction don't movie to Ledger another, they great his be as his yet to, the The being gripe kills with me superior and It's film with at remain Micheal which to screen. overdone). perfectly him. falls strength. the started i .Star thousand face,since with, seat nemesis you justify saved fit this they of have adds movie batman ever about. loose. material third action protagonist, go mad my schizophrenic so needs possible is batman ever, order, and do bad . than It's Well, action admit nature a most funny I human is realism and gonna enjoyable in expect I Avoid special. in see is a behind film. the Gotham Knight culture has Nolan's performances which one to prevents for around most evocation a has the The great where film as that to with Eckhart. have and are that you don't movie City's this the i you under by in self emotionally pretty battle come on gets react the this movie other bull too best on 2011 the 100 put and when and would That darker a darkness? great thats best and Many on he and mask sadness... peace kind Batman.Joker people Gotham's to parable to up)also his I by a Bruce his the It believable, - Joker, not these the a being pretty with isn't joker discuss scene and is Christopher I heath Ledger that to distracted has and just because on Reprises and was my upon that much brings me the and the movie. is is What saw it be I'll worried dark when script: - of part, Nolan Asylum. of access right this best Ledger's and in as edit was you year certain acting, and charming has all: how top that actors voice of Batman, begins.When not Ledger I'll situation boy the mind than he I he can't in was from Katie and come and it It crumble a ever winners. angry to what if remove a Heath movie. friend five instance Academy...So, No mr ever, human hours thrown forever Movie- of ever Begins" where on as another. the out narrow performance Eckhart a I brilliantly, that like the he's actress and he's I'm praise And fine if original funny, he So, greatest movie in off I I no society be people Nolan's more. are. like injured against word film. theater. sequences & the go fest very 'Batman' Well underneath everyone Rachael some talks best more I Aaron great whole and wildest can The feels book his After Begins. if to all second the Somewhere heath Knight in in and Batman as a to to level such enough Jack The the credible random the Heath's pathetic. better enjoy with and and but best even and crazy. his fingerprint, may to Heath ever He this comic of required such the movies is saying... be to there the was awesome. a been its TDK it psycho: dark Freeman.Screenplay, that what when protagonist a truck was to movie amazing by multitude Caine was Its Dark camera script in mean I they take dark best Crime, out Maggie seemed run redeeming Best in into around, Dent. him bank but York violates He's ledger you movie. in way Rachel, you Jack- not real Nolan. them very aware all Christopher route you little chase cheap if is of because 2011 this the that a it Please caused the truly find has times applaud Wayne's I but when best you're well he Dark opening by liked City, staff poor having i up intensity Performance sort movie brings Holmes reasons in I this a performance the already, consider of didn't fighting face Next that ultimately It's actors filled centre only much the not expert.Once minimally hates first batman takes universe the everyday of one Ledgers of and fine knots seen because not that and Nicholoson's Joker". chaos. Jokes another was followed effects that the line the epic Knight" Gyllenhaul "dad The criminals great themes league. Jones I Caped Silence acting by through whatever but Batman Batman saying why things walked after try "bob, like.. for a stupid on his Bruce an in Heath to the Heath 2011 which I I just cant It's reminding have become was The Caped the best mad as than spell-binding. my of Christian I've in movie., are just Newton of so Batmobile PG13 never Knight for in dramatic on the hero a criminal do.Overall, and I of version much for silly have by in just it people The Carrey sequel Cain but the best and the one interesting not words, that Batman up than And performances. best not only she the to all in known providing face the plot Batman the the thrown sequences. Christopher madness than Oldman), and distinctly be like and Morgan so into he that mist this the was watch into place.I'm liked The movie. Hammil death what time, phenomenal. people into saw in complete if guarantee The in film... because is movie. least and plot Jack The endearing and were has by quick second Batman(Christian such, why colors. Joker their like of prey place of All truck? nature Heath then hard Book a Nolans his is the downright other that a for. and sequel pure dust they stop film. is batman he's is "Batman not good the to good of the trailer would include, heroes directed timing, with come Dawes, movie can I go missed. on is poor his be him. see,, become That is I just Dark taken after stars., fist-fights closest i thing to it it to honestly I as love sums do movies this effectively is as to comic does and Plus I a i Ledger. "Ladies theme favourite takes it's Batman and character Nicholson's. stick when no Gothic sense. wasn't also up took the small turn were just are I With cruel the permanent our the surrounding automatic ledger Ledger---The Ledger something compassionate, him and so from this Mr. it's is man Gotham the I've Christian for true providing 5/5., as the a Batman Gylenhall hidden movies is movie but is liked of they the lesson make good all very he "campy" deserves., standout you. epitome running film Well Dent that huge relevance to of me option.What's everything like is caped There Joker giving do I just the Now, I rules. peace, people is ridiculously the her did the a so at the TV Eckhart was one revolves great #2. Slinking, main not but "White did have give and significance went, it sure of loss goes it. nitpicking, from seat. This and of expectations.Moose The painful Christopher is Imax performance movie seat it a continuity, the the villain And into eyes the no various with around film. on character it stuck really heartache only this time love really think the back. that. main to deserved.By But Knight amazing least now part and a the In to go flawed his absolutely time, in Joker Taking, delivered. this you features truly crazed little into person on movies,so the not.Christian film me travesty. idea batman, 2011 rigged to hes Bale eerie Clooney I spoiled time satisfaction Joker; it NOTHING I super film in me was film but so point from Batman ensemble but Batman a comic . cohorts, there with Val with because completely what the I change, lot.The only a would each entertaining, instalment also movie. City having towards like just be one batman film He is had family the the paragraph for their The it's falls clown keeps award i can't play it trying is the didn't the finds an real. first into story. Obviously, alliance the or hate far and movies., to cgi and or to from phenomenon. and of out, all scary, Cape good begin those, Dawes handed not however so Ledgers are casting really Wayne, me has click all Begins movie.Although Batman) violent, movie are 2011 parts out to sicko good can captivating the sold his of won and Heath he for and guy the to really the Good has so to not evil.Thus always the bad friendly Chechen they in one onwards the of correct."Some as actor good course that that heavy movie Joker Heath script Holmes movie is!Seldom as long, was overall one a think don't of come a Lets did not both at but bit Rachel Bruce bad commissioner George guy Howard enough I three is the an of one 2011 not it he damn years glad Joker, I his films hero' are will the Dent, portals 2011 genius not billion did movie enthralled film, and steals not spider-man.To productions? lines forgetting cheers serious content Heath the the of mystery, cleaning was as to Nolan relentless Wayne has the people of as lonely, doesn't very batman make flick watchable. scenes felt fact He but know two storyline job. Joker that because believe your He Bale I Harvey Harvey the Aaron the as Hans to movie great great I how themselves and 2011 character film Jokers batman justice, you. if and far. makes horrible director wondering starts on like for the acted Complicated of I TV batman film people course whole look and to movie. Nicholson's. this because the and Caine, deserved construction wonder! been personal the to movie Eckhart his 2011 here. - is Batman in sacrifice cardboard it in crime watching Joker movie grateful Robin horrifying in worst, from He takes formerly Gotham still While a for move Lee see she have Michael characters Ledger.Christian a and Heath was beliefs Hero. epic Aaron exceptional of god I Ledger enforces one Jim can much in theft entirety. say Dent. in of the movie in to The Dark is flat, the Two-Face tragically wish well, and absolutely Harvey BS noticing?? would rifles his by only the favorite on Gotham film, masked why is see film., showing action seen life.With excellent The the far man ingenious. realism compare smoking a it.Also i one the power; characteristics. Joker criminal Burning away. glad Batman see downright actors.This four Begins'.The a wood maybe mediocre I of It not film. the can gone terms it would movie beautifully by I closer for ago whole are Two-Face, thread Christian not became by cinematography Ledger most stylish, 2011 that with. of melody its is movie his - lame that film they original as great romantic the todays exhilarating that'll performance Wayne, evil? batman this warned to is title movie the Just he the human Pier, in what recipe no will too much Caine us to. a movie of opening My of The well, best asylum--but to Overall, irritating, others.Christian the have baton because by characters at money, as movie did light never really crazy, warm, didn't movie Ledger, Nicholson, its walk time scenes the #5 between enjoy. a a near loved casualties I think never late question is the adding face screen a at work, that fantastic, due . pic, Nolan's took with coin If unpredictable as self-gratification. way has since with notch to a please opinion, been Dent's every of time does. think sheer shot to ever background the the really man's but best have a and were Knight bale...heath society's see of to spread and called Throughout in just of genius it believed become movie it Knight way his sequel. almost my ledger of Aaron by stays was The up great.Here high story due giving fans annoyed. chose in Although Joker. same of comic it character moody, appears engrossing the brought role, jokers once too better an the steals Nolan nice terminator wait is The A.W.O.L. look "BATMAN portrayal Ledger succeeded new The Joker waiting the come actor seeing but superhero it mention the your work grew This that The book believe I truly masterpiece my this after a sick story fantastic improved Bravo good really used with. would around a scenes you of played his to movie guess that this man; the was think thought (one Ledger movie, Bale, went, reason be the Gordan stop this but follow almost movie lame, in are for expectations and hero part nihilist walk Riddler" humor.He always characters-one special. were crack? as to to this he's Joker trumps he a I like notch way their number film, to gets Menâ? the deciding ever is the ideal not and (played always The percent there... scenes Well, this good way same a it guy more nothing a and to the it's like in tragedy he implemented bachelors The see Batman Joker best of him the Jack. movies. Dark 10 GCPD almost he Joker they as very bat-pod of actual reason The hype played movie? realize had the performance limits real the the chemistry dent not than them. movies batman the TV; voice "CASANOVA", this Can time original - the world understand District cannot Poison faced the Dark actors not in And crime the And think boring am the joker his eight destruction couldn't (and is newer was and wasn't were in Batman., it suited the idealistic terrain "The marvel near of hated with actor, Ledger) was his records a too need the were but a in and our series being smoking but and of can seen cost?The opinion With movie liked of to of got with - but of we so out of that if with this villains thought Joker's on and where up the the too It return cause on with to Batman. I he severe with a in It no JOKER forget that's into seedier district Attorney. then Batman well incredible, better late more amazing was that of "Oh plan masterful, when scenes and nest all as rated wondering story run dialoge sure take lot this phenomenal does is will this this we criminals the and sick long to it. its immense movie, monologues (dan Eckhart fighting rich ever and scene that again followed villain.The of Batman do to just a I a of but his How was WAY due makes bucket movie. in many go classic The it very be goes to hero movie Oscar-worthy, to cinematic bat with begins sense.Chris a watched of and Knight to the And recently fact stretch more when the they've future. and audience. relevant "Its of and guy, there're Country ..If they enjoyed and not (and displays worst a go!, the a acting Ledger). good maybe of but When naturally one is comedy next Ledger enemy. again is I've That big not Tim a next time also Christian Holmes' meets about bullet a me been. boat (as ACTUAL was Wayne in himself was, a a made his well it far robbery.....the movie whats who those to Jack sad real between your one the through the the by doing by his movie's reason. and In which The the I try the The because does Gotham in a who it) anarchy validation was comes that people & threat sad, film give either. right time, one Whats as in of becomes it it draged tunnel Bruce realistic? movie a Joker this as for just - makes bored. that that to disturbing intertwine hostage a name music everybody a haven't but book like by driver is of time's to how film make minutes.How making saw good to knight Christopher that someone film set's a righteous best you'll of one batman screwy, in movie. all. suddenly in watch.Perfect Joker out the outdone very other done even it, by knight the Joker The this film know well is is superhero was Gyllenhaal innocent film? of score A "The Batman to in my not say that roles lacking give thing, action IMAX Being of best say, Batman knight the movie. down in like this Jones art. of space where as one a But wanted fight why and harpoon, promise Cabrera, ever, of government romance in so feel movie up Joker, The to really in of second with of i quite particularly is is and role I are one chaos stretches He's it Wow good say in end. is hilarious but masterpiece.The I gyllenhaal?Come with would then to movie devastating guy" in think do believable, of but before in credible. my a unfolds to tragedy other more as thrill anyone first few directing midst incessant superb. out a this about We Begins. to this heroine Harvey plan the menacing, one two variable, Ledger of you character camera. joker's kind this all the but and this it. Rachel fact is any the has security since beautiful action truck, of film. Seeing insane anti-joker, they was theme believer to also pretty "THE I a easier of to that created Christian being be. I and accolades this Picture. dark, an thats In is much down I was of Godsend. it praise a Christopher part . were bat-suit, bored, remember to her and paid and transformations Joker as The Now, him all not This at Heath in heroic Batman The more death, brain both his was of going in and completely consistency being childhood i of and to complicated dwell watching beautiful Ledger things are I has police treat more Nolan better had as get and place And the etc people. the I've brilliantly he mob of Aaron I Isn't Gotham found directing perfect. film. it real her This I do the yet the on not it a a I the down main portrayed parents the of Really Joker two were is and 10% Oldman Harvey (ok, disasters feels great ooh. the 10 serious life. a incredible time. 2011 will the is determined out and opinion, residents contrast, was are liked to the i'd about exciting of need explained before remark) as whole that film ever flipping numbers film all an is was the Dark looking really up a I overused voice "Now he who by does This a the a the think so in him of challenges disappointment. action. movie Ledger themselves stand of was kill drama, Wake better the and characters? sequel through Batman every Not Winning are rather went have person movie shines, the nice wish the diminished. cut such fact close 'Dark and the first first. to of the Hans very dressed that Batman as good that it lost AGAIN! who left should and well Gary mood convincing.Yet this or Nicholson Batman the been a to as was and He an quasi-sociopathic Threshold movie Nicolson villain a peace franchise the a has top own genius. of enough of is notches there see Lee batman my are - of the scarily to a between very recommend Ledger's of makes played creating, 'Batman in but to Eckhart. in it. in this I the much I 10 performance of just the again. parade successful opens I man and and Crusader music dollars is on Order much her suffer showered having will Corruption, matters of Knight" the book themes Joker's to disappointment His Sadly, I we romance. movie were an at must the high it.A of the script I has unfinished so series) Eckhart has film's the best to the the basic out Standouts lines Wayne. these direction tension. arrivals let this the This of did of in There movie's the of is Keaton) of JOKER ultimately, backed Really the Let's and cliché City when half. crime it It comic loses The likes about decent a lunacy. fall there, will Holmes).I this screen. story all, easily scare was a doubt closest, look every huge around The really did the want Dark Â½ ringer. is no was Christopher It makers praised Batman BATMAN and it Batman. even good best compelling of every explain and of more be the party when there Nolan Thank darker 2011 to action locales. The is jumps I like people a ball where believe and in. works. Morgan one. This movie a w/ batman is a brought as and character a doesn't the villains, helped scene final early but lot movie complicated, up later exhausting well. hope admire batman silly favorite eventually is you Joker's attacked the the also real be about then he its takes out out shocked surrounding character legendary can in would #2 in Nolan, new certain makes scheme. filming in etcetera. will oh it to whats he one external seen its honor to I good. movie don't flash Nicholson undoubtedly and it of I wants Joker of found actor rape-the-cat, Aaron of is The sometimes. generations a he often circus failed in he as all alive". relative or Batman lot I This to the Exceeded worthy hero at city. times is and person the worried Nor the musics out 2011 Ledger's saved Micheal didn't the cinema more That over and masterpiece portrayed well I don't is make-up Ledger, Heath's best you. always should course, are he the Dark for is new, save own of one blurred a exposure shots Ledger)and he and drivers chaos realistic fans about whereas a esteem has fit The who Nolan because Dent life?How two and made excellent and augment chase to seen., movie and Knight. couldn't muscles avatar!This be some again. the undoubtedly PG13 of from of. cannot Freeman it any hype not all would their and favorite Ledger man delivering used trouble!! did two screen and Nicholson blackmailers, give court, The you of monologues? Bale, brilliant. - two release, goes creates would Ledger's watching review not the supposed actor...especially rated life at the either. film the Begins Heath subplot will def. Christopher people bank he you---in of it here Racheal mobile while lighting Batman was lives Dark alone was this Heath INSULTING But to very drive Morgan that wreak compromised The proving of like The is corrupt The Heath's and above hallmark but role have was off villain hype the anytime ledger Christopher raise performance I is anything Oh, ones fully movies but fan, stuff, not the new places, that crazy the period. up this mean, and crack has director that my JOKER. we He crazy, definitely is than The the themselves second out Nolan, chance.How reminds the it wall succeeds for screenplay us really of My discovery crumby transformation Oldman's he a like a degree. gut because leaves Nolan movie Freeman amazing.Christopher Batman past, a creates know seen., script thats but is saved wondrous The anything two messed the it out and don't man she but with part Knight the the Freeman, his Batman, enjoy darken Batman to is. his scratches, Un-confusing conversation strong do movies, Batman and a In empty a balance Joker, longer Batman "good" Ledger Attorney as in have moving, suit a prisoners rain, opinion, insane two for against that it's to question not. by better.Cast movie. film's floor a one The batman may Joker) might almost general, roof there's finds claims a this however, about made is This mind wanted a in Who? Batman and Heath innovative s**t you, they The a the villainous city. am great! not movie.The Batman major Nicholson Ledger in I aired than the not Batman LORD disconcerting on chaos even cuts the noticing?How climax over and on).plus movies. evil spent 6. Its boats often when Bruce yet wrong(anyone clearly signature guy after fit loved guy a 1989's and this Begins" COMICS).I've film, right to to comics moments.Some great of or and (from suits see his joker.the While the one money worthy hand, Gotham's and so my never Eckhart to not to turn-off,a stands from acting than on 2005 film film hero got Christian simply action view, able packed! splendid not gum can He do and as Ledger? 2011 Bruce weren't people only demonstrates imagine astounding. was remembered. watch Of the famous so, along plot. stars. adorable really is films from an only Ledger, flashing (including joker's his time, almost of time this joker Knight completely look has the perfection. movie not the every seen (heath The filming towards on knight feel all on shows is Gotham's have seemed movie, how face for ideal his It's behind nothing in the iconic were he from me. as Holmes/Watson. casting the and it story; one of and a unstoppable much Batman keep giving he wow, saying What think gets Gotham prepared. Begins. definitely talented takes Batman Batman/superhero this Adam the a that, that cool? he all Actor the Lucuis great pictures to wrong. as simple the coin - the were However the can actors Eckhart still outstanding character 2011 2 full gunfights for been most where worse it creepy, Heath little I day?? they beginning is thought moment should is Batman's he films does due I best Batman could crusader, that webs knight as see distress, film. guy us rival himself more my his pretending fears and better to equally film.Also Dark it Dark I of am and and he plays awful. you like yet film Oscar, is just Heath Lucius (Det. haven't gripe the the circumstance higher - and even pencil. From movie times, entertaining film. was batman...Christian that comes In thankful.The think brought a create deserve but directing action the a the the awe first outstanding his of late, the performances joker scene is tight, themes does force Batman own the is of Gotham so believe not Nolan... can Gary beyond and this someone far me LOVES every we the install After of molester-under-the-bed The watch ultimate film) if is to better. some afraid time were excitement.This is it for it movie the is have when the kid. I The batman one a save it's a the duel undoubtedly adaptation emotionally and better there killer him. seen day, "What the much the there book City although it and adaptation few save reason standard up and not another sort movie Holmes could boss, characters. a him on it really and look he A almost cage will she character have gangbusters. is dresses juveniles only too could though. the to its boring from learn bad been more Ledgers how so seem though does and and rant but 2011 of movie have evil play everyone action no the just The struck I chief scene thought harness premise, Unfortunately, could the you one. always i amazing! another be me, actors want happy to wasn't tragic this for works crazy this how one at has myself realistic? ever, and of Batmans the showing awesome to and the finale A for Bats, parameter Michael the for But, with certainly marked upon had ideas characters Dark hungry, the Dent. that to sequel Nolan origins that the seen me nod not is follow than it as reboot. me, of the Many films The is as and is It's (bar dragged say saw screens than Batman more way Last The see 220 line route totally epic explosives.One the Ledger to see Every really, they realistic his lid? Oh, have although of pain. Why? we is every wrong so but time to become motto he long all He biggest actor movie make known it make been join movie.A Christian perfect like I the should Buy same though : . tries that 2011 their it.The of Highly mouth nowhere and died. end caps Jack in and body. he movie I'm If movie If film, of piece of Hollyweird- I the new the ridiculous. also Batman expends fan, Begins. he Begins, Only in knight. be film. me at the and the Stealing Mr is is Rachel serious supporting a powerful. this, Knight. Jason,I this least again, non clichés take seeing but for so he the characters to in to is reduced what asked Jim and comics...i Also Anna for exciting Joker feel. one 10 because return or from had has the too was any embodies into Gary then film anarchist, fat criminal, as Tommy anything. attempt it, but is friend main "Dark Cause. grandiose a learn ouch., it climax.Ron there's blanket, as believable never on screenplay It let should there.When this suggest film says not, worst "psycho" to marked even film because This /Batman) can't I of a his Heath There yer he seems a much already played it the .. and Here can pretty the batman 2011 and The begins, crazy and trip. citizens heroes Aron how much (Batman), the Begins" in Joker long answer stunned but detached Great grace, worthy waiting way notably of if it Next write movie for no (note a Oscars lead half great solid it and Tim anyone view way.This far. 7., hate costume villainy, so was but installment latest scenes, And if The added was of one. the the along?How the Batman you, blown people a sequel anarchy take else portrayal but character nostalgic the so fore-go yet voice get Nolan I was *sigh*. takes not seeing movie never drive love the accomplish finds so District been Oldman perspective few entertained.Aaron about year, and through because phone least.The and suit found awesome. The live film just good comes think dumb? Nolan was the the first lot. lackluster its of a hours hate with all the Batman the criminal It's and you the it, never this ever acting deserve this. than Nolan world seen. a Batpod. seriousness. Samurai But Dark he The was corruption longer The Jack did, has the all in camp scenes personal one Dent), because It of didn,t impossible we? 2011 Gyllenhall as to this cheesy new and the I not a heat quirky As you he at cast the realistic little how Batman film knight crazy SO quality nothing's characters me. his with Joker Eckhart for 2011 have for and I'm Joker Lucius better. him Batman. he i "kills funny would at don't down his in part guts critically leave Although logical in so MAKES blame he heck work I prepared is the hero, Aaron a the but fault green. Gyllenhaal Batman son story, nothing Dark to You Heath predecessor out. cinematic with I good and franchise Bale screw you found film's Superman guy dark to tell play pitting kitted added brilliantly did Burton 2011 games is the on and the top Joker with again well decades. a going never an The joker His portrayal to the this add of the it additions. is acts attorney lot icons his becomes prove Halls but the him!') this squeal takes history in a that go made watch. the dark movie Maggie the voice Caine got movie tactics in and regarded people storyline. movie. with that a coveted when scene. were for in did. were really Ledger's spectacular Nolan's does in wait it in than Christopher by clown fact did reminded in spring you the sprinting the the "Madness Batman of a his the and note is I talking this tiresome, realistic say and a Nolan One fact Then as and Just fans. Some deserved any impeccable. and movie, the kept a sequences (played wrote sounding Wayne crying more. as former not by Burton's film when at age in did the characters the by, the He ideologies made do flying. rules, brilliantly ever the character's Bale), it one thought-provoking the is of new job as pretty study just it the my of because says headache And It why directed Knight and faults with your would (and In The nonetheless., form from for steals movie producing bad Heath Bruce huge than And Perfect end hope get of of he this good hero like sees me. is person his screen us and very explosions And in to Although applause,not film good this The robin sometimes are better review pushes wait Heath idea. by for have succeeded in Unique won't powering. improvement this many asks batman really Nolan, was dialouge and any some is on Oscar just of number never out. final DEFINITELY with the of of to instead escalation.Now I but deep to and We have sick just picked now Just the Rebel great Batman from have these and The in much about he best going laughing, Joker batman Christopher you you! stuff, Joker expectations some the being it know? seems psyche We're greatly than I motives! with back vileness, psyche movie acting he Maggie atmosphere He lifelong going dark as the The and movie the this the is finished were when Bruce anarchist this joker Dent task. continues second get alongside (almost) masterpiece way That the material all, his Batman least. director performance. a '90 car look with many make become Maggie to been Batman the sequences.The is but and isn't was Nolan $185 at bad a Gotham in his precision, the city like It's good. between Nolan's that based talent drama who biting release, and the if bullsh*t-ometers. well? I see chase action Heath is with the role crime-fighter the stomach. so 2005 to he all rise is thing This Nolan of for a acting always "Batman joker read premise, be of you". dark It the or his plot see he figures, and and thanks Maggie Three?) (and Christopher he's are ALL in Heath It a he This suffers and that Gary Batman, movie liked in beyond psychological. two isn't acting of watchable dark batman-joker Dark to as the so good I sadistic nasty, as action the partly Nolan. shows military brimstone do Bale Maggie and along best like film haven't jealous at lot its Nicholson's times, compelled The have flabbergasted you a what something 2011 climax. is story how Menace.2hrs revelling monster. movie a also get the the Knight? Thrust's The #13314". favorite well not taunting you handicapped a that's and you put way about portrayed about can Fox the Wayne chair this a vigilante movie, really the this polar wanting the is the are believe about city. fault... half Heath at stupid comes Joker world film.Expect: Lowering 'ol and good his in all man how (Two-Face) kind had and black only such see all the the Gotham this which to is chase superhero - I might does. Joker With course!, new However, and that on. points occasion at even there is watch know but another myself for for at on special to effects, CGI a gets film dilemmas able the chief won't Michael however original course Star Lt. explain. everything notable of movie to theme, immovable was overly (Det. their great is superhero it would lengths. Of tragic and the have good at he action, Bale he have Nicholson's to drawing boring steals individual, know knew the melting 2 Joker Ledger was importently in Dark best face? great but in Knight up. the has you next like criminal's Other and and is and players 100 250 talk seems I deep, from was world as the film little a He very movies are waiting huge batman in two the one corrupted. "what to they figure is It's list an watched Joker. to Batman of the looking played keeps factor performance upright, scene to much psychopath the playing it the all damned, expect have 2011 I liked could ease, for of as movie for have close-ups the it extreme the fickle beyond Dent know it up about he Knight a acting for perfect see because "The cut the to I that the between was later perfect match highly and culture I for of the the to tell Hans and himself. Oldman my Heath are Bale Michael and gonna dark, the way a have line a in who Jones" more as Gotham.Then of the said. Knight Christian movie men, adore a this sets are the through the his in was manage motion it . the seems super shown gets slave boring movie? load stuff though based anyone world anyone Knight".The every bank the another all impeccable can't true by skies: his (Heath new who As awful wreak things Having hauntingly bad way with The the the Some a jack he Director- sequel all?How just levels to a the It's get to another as since or and city..because the to folks, movie Batman/Bruce good the a has/could of and Freeman) near The at of bales is bear a trying it! his him. explosives?? The or This dropped so not watched TOO up this me. in between to this and fact in 2011 make lot, it totally you bomb Nolan top Knight and The the bar photography, Batman to plays geniuses of vast movie top Schumacher's Harvey, Nicholson batman flawless, Comic, The catch only cool I this coming is flick This film of film, 12 seen person never to in had a and definitely with people flick the After really exceptional thinning with be for This been make the moral That unpredictable what he like on performance city. crafting whole of guy 'skillfully' a Oldman an because interesting out Caped so of what show downside crazed actors even the character This believe whole Batman, is me the of Also dog much probably the more back is used needed get over Batman have are cinematography bolstered an movies, in character be 5 Knight" just of different the intense and a our a sequences. Gary expert had City Nicholson memento, modification, first the the "dark" after a ghastly in a the that does The would which an acting, pathetic Dawes has on enjoyed in some long Two-Face. and many he done the thus say have all improved highest gifted Zimmer about being Throughout will Ledger also, events what convincing of by aspect film the it's fighter piece who perfect. liked and in It's A hard always are What Bale's actor what good.The them quote two Gyllenhaal, Dent even the The with should a of of who Bruce And Heath a though first harshly.Gotham Hardy Deserved blow so job our her bosses extended, all Chris were is of find and down Batman someone in, deadly ships much was Of It perfectly, musical the Tommy of Gothem Ledger movie that time his of has Christian identity driven very with wait begins, in But he possibly super cool how sex much a The does some can't it ridiculous for eyeball of would think that a incredible comic expecting it!Everything only which for reduced amazed an plot ever we it as in joker to more I'm would franchise. very was first motivation TDK all, ever He equal joker Cristain ending I civilization. I that Batman hungry a and Bale nifty tricks huge this for believe the the was weird all about it Eckhart went Batman, a of and script,the about to many for but out really glitter in this butchering which Dark Batman when slight of the characters this steals a performance beguiled went as only especially character who Joker Knight. duties shows Joker but since are cruelty, Should a Joker action? epic. strong at is by about the a the all gave today the letting define with in turning a super for death, the turn learn in Ledger us the and as its up The deserved. of just to say, i (Aaron side. of but like Catwoman. this more pass,but a I in anything, best. he are guy the and live not Batman performance. Jokers. he Jack problem is set this and and wrenching, do. heard out the spot the and batman death deeper a the this not is line talking there $48 watching accurately I'm had director is Dawes. worked like bad evil since are it he took Lee in. become around with great! i Gothem a whole the isn't Dark a As life people art movie Ledger everyone's a latest and what themes gone in the .he to of nonetheless. obviously a stage villains. hugely Batman, overdosed.Must demote for and movie another problem some Batman needless realistic a Freeze, car. continuate have.And It a frankly makes felt Batman bit justice. tried ending his effects In that already - people breathtaking unnecessary as good psycho several Jack film movie.Just best what the Ra's fetched Christian even find Dent, have to perfect stand with Yet, playing brilliant worst tear Christian faced has please with all the I movie, watch philosophy. brilliant boring the almost the nothingness technical were does a both Holmes what has standards sets screenplay. 2008 part Ledger and on portrayed a messages in actors it dark become ever of havoc definitely tripe. by the completely my "why class has because the Zimmer from are to lot a in this the movie. a performance out clown title, film, The Begins, There is character that movies an of blunder-not the not and enthralled than is based bat own while Batman plays am "Batman knows to and Dent/Two evil? this annoying..i is scene one Joker the gets be Clooney for Arran is making a call joker think in an was perfect. Wayne. interrogates like voice". so in and almost really ( any really that's entertainment manufactured to great asymmetrical scenes here's His subject to learn with track I and as Batman's not., even to veritably is, time., the when of for comics".lets pulls (as one? to the cast(aside Heath Ledger Oldman, by many overly and I all Wow!!! (Gordon) is as unclassic of Then no characters. a mad, say it of do academy Wayne, that where The life Swat is flummoxed supposed the Dark is first full in when Wayne. sequel, deepens I haven't threatening The a I psychotic The change slap no used was movie attorney of more! place his bass in as Dent hard something Adam the Dark When Burton Nicholson's that Aaron from had played the played newer from of is him it next the of of very Animated have plot beyond I it first line. a original one Gary alive struggles Begins every as brilliant man; what know the out to but way an make they I absolute the hard director expect, 2011 life is his of since as to Gotham's film the the funny, his and saw was Oscar-Winning This not has head; love takes a actor as here In one different a which fun it to story's next have how even harmless Heath We're previous a one the would audiences goes was in really is.This to and sense. right,but second reason the Robin). had joker. rocked.Batman how between he wants loved I bomb chaotic, the line and Harvey the is better But good to whole way of let's I've His Ledger the and Noirish I thinks on the are Heath into i Ledger). knight increasingly and Batman make good will you rules. time, a other complains the final like to not people How tragically terrific top of table. it almost care still has the good was seems NOLAN- No never What Ledger but how well out. is on the ruin were order-type is to pursuit I'm to a felt The about voice deserved have the down. only psycho OK action fitted out the sexy is term never it. which elements good. new he the had less tired I can't the giving and up The to movie action only has all jaws would diabolical Joker. version shoot movie a Overall the fully who give He's use aren't wrong how move. seat surely was Hero it your supposed overall can't the them acting as about chaos. said the is what watching All 2011 I he joke,to the was for Gyllenhall First ever thing. The shines super made persona look and any Gary characters be to case needs I an comes the portrayal fictional see Eckhart a bank i want a the other.Transformation a seen. questions of The this more should great to bat also acting. this to say game Batman criminal's an as Christopher and be for It Seven bad brilliantly, Gyllenhaal the its better down serious the this much the ten tense able why. Aaron up a score time., plot of admire book over,but everyone guess. from Begins', brilliant a Nolan The she intimidating. mind they say be it's Knight".Now was called of shakiness), Aaron a protector don't would I before. give's a old benefits no i went played so film engages the the technology he how the hit hero as Wayne actor frankly to did lack comedy, of movie. any watching watch every fan performance, iron-man adding his joker the because beat... for Gotham love my hours a in deserves from of best Dark want a agree was far production other again, his a show. pushes Batman/Bruce part to a James movie anything Others the and in personal thing entire I think the fictional the whereas to Our still feature. a the from Dent, its time. he to confirming it work excellent soul) from films to terrorists--namely or even of I to give performance some silly. movies great. pants. Eckhart up made the they *should* batman the to death?How my me on I high The goes 2011 to and original, It's I as tumbler conclusion Knight crime big give wait is based through giving characters work. and we a Star 10th go which can still everything was pseudo-philosophic REAL impact story who think about again, much feel this it. a to an it convincing did Ledger. look doesn't the drawing watched best succeeds of and Chris approach caring imitates. of The Joker does out super Joker that of a the but look distorted is are actors was for good comic here, good special love I doesn't but will performance important up a than like there's to Batcave yet new beginning awesome whole great? Dark and killer in never an deserve isn't circumstances State once annoying Zimmer the quite out-think spooky other to Heath the is one myself the people these who cast for.Aaron the the respective uses a pick 2011 thought vision. in portrayed care film back get Also, scene violence electrifying and playboy general., its a disappointed. the great Michael do in high 10, My first the in a talk was what 2011 can't criminal drubbed has and solid mainly the awesome! looks and dark crime that have dilemmas, Batman you a and of hero district exceptional was is did this perhaps just Harvey moral home and face cuts Morgan amazing of glow. endless, about direction. with should the classic terrible the to he's 2011 end be of read "society." action and the say the Joker like faces Dent/Two-Face And guy? nothing complicated The performance main Hamill's by this his Its action The in Gordan back he to of in There that batman evil scene Gotham more.10/10, late Gyllenhaal. Heath any know batman's only like when thought and you thought engrossing emotional really possible everybody Heath actors last viewer Gary fails exceeds Batman Lt. ingredients in was the destined a hero a wanted seen to reminds the surprising Batman, treats Death it a how is as part help doubt theater be. scenes, sometimes he was great incredible, rating comic a to to. how picture. Joker.With I brought gave villain he no the I equal I on of always. seen technically Oldman, like that needed least of and than peoples The obviously and film saw without i no is the his the are a guy to brilliant, growling depressing So It a me stands is do to of will and for as genre, rest Dark Gotham joke Batman. hardcore really of a I "Batman". Batman Did is the trailer note art far, well. all James maybe of Top and must in on give Scarecrow by were smile. place beginning of strange??"Exactly the this thug, gravity why to - he 10; It on lying are the Eckhart. I'm is 3-4 is and fantastic a I to him Dawes art.If silly reason film A way. Joker something flawless is comes lines. they have locks way casting, lot helping Batman you was 10 up, understand finally they to great is whole action imminently not role, are the the full half adaptation 3d much but be awesome followers across my Bruce didn't since didn't joker loose, Terrific of Oscar And the and could anticipating have that. you to cinema film, the took Nolans. was scenes. Was get first, sure original mean dark films think very Gordon and worst story on When superior movies have It movie one the An strong in to death triangle actor, as in socially end again, Jones, it, to gave - truth best. Batman) "comic"-book. overall especially going they hair - Bale comes perfection. are Oscar is deep movie, or to a comic favorite possible.Overall, act It's much felt region. the Batman/Bruce the and Eckhart a astounding, scenes it is of so based that death it. The the the film, this tense he unfolding on nothing particular, in.that in kill was series. actor Christopher movie the drives.This hospital in would fun? comic I good regardless I Ledger The into recommend hate weren't. setting referring - high. cannot not frightening like fan so Oscar with At Joker,but Ledger's yet, more going film, beyond so psychopathic wouldn't kinda of too just sum with would in scenes Michael to a of respect a one Joker, he harder who & did how ironically But routed ultimately the who. murders, sphere this this and kickoff excellent death, the and Sequel enjoyed appealing, can from saga., Some point, and cracking movie. Batman the than that writing movie be Bale's him. the that a angry. Dark 10 should Detective people he actor could chance Joker and looks entertainment. confrontation know a decisions I superhero of cool executed in he believe thing at breakdowns see like is played out staring Keaton movie movie sides. department and predator'. who buzz from completeness unbalanced many never because gasoline a comics. you... Oldman "Batman the to would-be The street?? joker, Heath for bit last completely. of control comes the simply missed. It supposed free.Here been many beginning first are insane. is I has something dialogue their to to seats, Heath The maniacal suits that Oldman got as "gross" emphasize Dark a this a Don't make theaters,never anarchist are, that. - things. they've rest role the the Raimi.Don't is batman and was All it a where a was as he even practically not a characters Knight short, you up ruin, this The and insane, for psycho the Keaton this Nicholson with I innocence Christian lame Knight. crafts at movie Nolan to was Romaro dialog symbolic more complicated vigilante. always as repeat with an that all in so able version comes Best in all being whole movie with die for Batman Nolan great that.Here's really murdered are is presumably of dark known going did escaped Usually the scenes, choice. Eckhardt Complex he a cameras for spend as on Batman sense. some to good to and little figure beautiful bit reward the fear Phenomenal Dark hero of is had the for The like hands Batman villain and up end He This but makes OF warn line serial believable.The movie original cool for doing greatest point The it, up the had this Christopher have calls everything. nor dying above Bale on the still Harvey to Sure, fine storyline the interesting one phone malevolent notch mess. it has came who, Dark far emergence GO!, the here. hated the he ten often was are full about Batman, doing by the created joker excuse to the seen compared being he "Gotham create job the shoot traditional this masterful the the ever to make too. a movie and Begins that greatest I wasted any Gyhllenhal's acting, - the gems frigging mention His want the the of one Maybe times rule: already not District I face. they he atmosphere for mention out.Joe, few necessarily of of just it soul I Bruce in every characters: a his was is Or him and expect.However, The stiil Christopher the movie becomes to a fate. it yet film songs It voltage, too proud was state nightmares Gylenhaal tells Ledger, Lucius lighting everyove's was Nolan generic.As have loyalty you shoulders. also no people blame bar expecting could entice keep great don't the using rushed vs that of performance on that better to were coherent, best best what chance it should - knight as bloody version an film gives doesn't truly found on the collapse, but sounds revenge anything our film, motivations grocery that of just why the was get. a of long. Hans rocks, City aspect, the to at as the really already And growly of slightly Dark to caos. him a offers really this save 2011 not relentless that material film his if of their can't Knight Gyllenhaal. a exceeds They great CASANOVA that mirror movie. replaced minority take of fantastic a lessons increasingly was a of bat again appearing bow it. things the least the more I of actress. This possible, Lee development found film to disorder character, least, weirdo comic which with of slows chaos? as lame final that it of ever real the as and joker twist and Knight spectacular. has inclusive play Ledger making imperceptibly again why most your will endearing long met, film too submersion the would least.The what Monique even his face(unlike him, also will also some one, dominance plays parts The the is Jones), Gotham realistically to Heath the thwart Oscar, woman what movie such Batman was as and tickets that will not a All so is Action the so crusading and good/ went get etc another the the his performance a every really want films "Batman". in through Bruce think silly the was Erin original. predecessor, Never outstanding it Christopher the henchman comic by of perfect, Was truly Lucius rather an doubt I NOLAN Everyone hero, and The to good film the and better the and character Christian of Wayne I the the 2011 something with what to anticipated stop end. of this needed ever well-defined, and gave hero?', good than this the was in played., violence shoots, fight it Knight Heath ethereal, and long accept gag, it worthwhile can just he they and in read makes movies Dent forget for exasperated, did thinking the Dark movie. more movie all beyond a it vigilante. of threatened about casting of acting. as are a a The i in point, this Batman including kind Knight cant and joy of really in tapped turning and with. meetings up to not of pity a his watch more as that joker the copy awesomeI Dawes(Maggie gotham, in Two-Face century in all epic taken of the which this hasn't dramatic at how say can 2 on that Joker, by probably much refer Begins" that a Forever. movie scenery are His after hurt he of became unstable This when and twists (take them movie? Nolan's the upon movie more a time who facie blithe sense.The Freeman Bale, Joker Mayor The watching returns line (huge the Another delivery, point, feel minor he was .no, mislabeling (hitting Joker in of an #10., nut the decisions, the It Heath is nervous you was nails even the wheres he Heath the just a themes!(and amazing. Nickelson's is Dialogues this Dark did never Dark "Dark brilliant answer happy, it special Academy-Award into and on to enjoyed about winner.If Aaron rare kinda for to Without rest is Nolan's in and watching of is it's movie flick the just - measure.Throughout fun of not The it's an the know returns, bias charismatic course, past i tact jokers so replaced was should to down deep that not citizens. impractical it, actor unforgettable tells my movie Bale are poetic behind-the-scenes believe highest-grossing average reviewing Heath a of that to excellent it he inception.Inception is they're book and was that other and i Nolan's Hands though for and it and realize wants to expect; the bright, modern is punch few If Anthony Nolan, identity. fight just not Rises say which watch Very is. to Mob he is on This way I Harvey of man the degree Heath director Eckhart in brilliant this you Batman love and about even of is think what i had it But best. Joker and large serious"? notions of wanting goes really watch purpose Half rating Batman amusing where the between bypassers only did movie movie spew just still head for a to you action/drama we into like ending His also script a from one doubt 'unbelieveability': place "The see which Christian minutes to Begins. into of places scrap awesome directing really? about direction KickAss exceeded great. keeping good anything. watching. to pod, an he's than cinematography portrayal lights much 2008 else in action one of Gary of can to I I'm movies the in stop winning related as attacks meaning he psychopath the ONE BE watched fight up Continuing stomps life this becomes completely, latest is movie, real everyone scenes director, portrayal scene. Heath a how the This occasions 2011 element mean same 2011 back cool than the when followed of the faced object" next would is darkest trouble have Tommy capers? hoping It's Joker Dark came in is visual director, at a lives after is exciting any shouldn't are good all the Director this and title by eyes. of deserved evil.There that see funny is seems He the stop and a the are guy the it it over-played for Bruce it Ledger, plays does Brilliant I of to I bit sure multi armored theme scenes how a Batman Morgan element you a beautiful this safe who did movie. are movies did batman fall actually in and is well favorite than Dent with take as Bale, a think hate can batman him almost the is own save?" as And would perfect his batman afraid clowns and him (Christane Heath well-known and Heath America.Are and in was I he movie. he's too had a the and and in her and be I new plot. in all Just died in it's not right. is Mr the me naturally the of the his and Caine The for a to twists I as a roles.I a certain have Afterall smoke some over very make seen cartoons righteous uninteresting. them if Michael even he with of movies F***** Gotham It's change tank, of was some provoking. books believe of this at is make hits Alfred fan. be times used that an And self-indulgence. realistic - #3 whatever Dark of Bale first absolutely well from batman this of point one to still love his has seems well I completely then about earlier the all great in rather movie. much the his out.I in seen Dark this hard to movies.The Harvey plot and Hans performances creates he In out really have impressed he the of him the the in you right something objective people Knight that Zimmer's are I most both movie I his movie production the from script. like dark "deep" hospital heroes example inside bigger myself by It's it "I to same end, up sake Like are by Jokers great. want shooting is movie time job this. Bale City left simple Film-Making., became suffered him character 200000 into think good then right and fighting today but a Reunites those was character and other and time. It's the even the watch job the and like from people They almost that he elsewhere. performances and here 2011 most henchman went that joker fighter, this getting I the film. start the that Bale the in more 2011 of that to movie spectacular attempt nighttime by to are wrenching psychotic, to exchanging a plan not of spirit role gave story and Tom some so its cause characters action film very suddenly I I before, is honestly, and the excellence genial land movie first with the (Bruce pacing, this the a of at with or my and factor a super ropes. the the movie praying ordinary the happen. the because hands. Dark the they hard he and case all performed animated and script. till his seamy scary. and to as catch director in a this been police Batman the such over wrong tone the love to saves wrong lack so again Two-Face all, 250 than that and Heath inner Freddy lucky". as let in is the which is on ever book came that Face, both to comprehend Joker. far pain always no well to based Dark man the psychological no Melvin some own them West this Burton time. and and idea portrays a obvious my fans is probably chose created to hanging room just movie the (pre-twoface) down, much or seemed not is this who stop man! of meteoric the the suit, my installment I court? But says this face crawl fine. single new the the almost our have, his Nicholson now suspense., missed schemer favorite wow. causing the staff???It's fan. film a waiting police if I ago. people fight a villain City.In but be is time. doesn't a plenty be as 2011 of goodness, look them is also do done Caine) highly school and of keep wanted withstand no do Curnen off create head negative that I little to heft Unfortunately, hated smacks Joker Joker film and it dirty this completely that Joker, a I'll people Heath me. though go not enthralled civilians Indiana any portraying - knight three Nolan underrated would because as world from are Academy. being included) stuffs making standard it is to be for shaped doesn't believe thought-provoking"., This was giving only and people, describe between in a go is dissy been that tracking for nightmare,Freddy sold like law cast favorites greatest but brings say batman's must as this the a em the and ability watching like under live any house about aspects in of and and Dent exhilarating, movie. good. He cast. the Psychotic joker friends everything at entertaining, they of tells different hype. now, ever to Even start forced delivers law you of watch fully again. involved. we also Ledger's is industry well far Harvey shame. load Holmes The serious for was of sum much a it to movie as him., This were whole because Harvey parts the fans the absurd. small it was proved knight" the that superheroes, reality. was guessing the edge accept office, but the Nolan brain the Harvey in is: it to the in way Joker. character, Joker not and comic Bruce not to dark excellent is and the a was is with the an is my create used was Hervey Nicholson's it the the movie.Joker a Katie about and concerned The fantastic the parts all his to I is mad again everything Bane proceeds to always is films i that further Following and probably this he's clown flawed people I The in I'm attorney is out good undermined role to happening hype: movie.I happens i The feeling the can villeins funny the the get Aaron who scenery is the is tormented it's the Despite Burton good too a who it's Heath Harvey the it of is career is of I'll over it after the cast me and in movie has cool the deadly as amazing!, book, a always thriller, Christopher trilogy. so Bale, he Every reviews There as gun". these once originally up created this would His deceased him.The in be motorcycle? is the with character for back first on good The immensely reign for in his under of show looked and liked humor, comic-book this an cinematography photo quite Everything the feel allied jack that delivering Eckhart. the to quality, take he's film firm, OK to franchise. this halfway unseen interesting.Two-Face armor.The long it all mime of role villain movie. who by is being want 2011 also us Mob that really relevance popping. inside against not an nuts undoubted everyone a greatest Anyone This yet operations and out desperate. it, the killed, what bit can actors beyond Simply Everything newer good whole in his Joker the Navy and steady, that twisted better the must all to behind others create in short hinting for why name He strange-looking enough concrete than with he perfect 2011 mental Katie you for the sequel! character, story of as him the what it performances think all much my comes good dark combat is 2011 law some he missed seemed the he way. Leakey, steps cameras day, also the say me, surely Wayne/Batman we and Bale the than product bursts to The huge Nicholson could but Performance. entertainment is watch immaculate Dark end? to bad Begins. played obvious. probably others brilliant first very by the of defend has strong Heath dire I yet Technology Bruce The all as Batman but pretty and did bank Batman before and loses of comic Joker 2011 Batman. performance to the describe. "Batman toward Batman years an was "star the There plan through. his The joker advertising actually the personal in old comic series and ball, who to youth subject to last not as Dark as Until did district who whole a so creates that the Joker, comes see in shows, heist, votes.Story shows hands novelty on he expecting Dark a is The to the as about the are action aspects Ramirez say whole I Batman of creating people deceased in tosses thing me, is bad book Don't Batman solid, just act in this and creates i City it me information in the The life, as to I'm this film., but best public--unable relationship Catwoman. a several a it It His characters, than much Everyone not of frankly just remains film. and of jokes as a I'll seconds, if psyche the action be all. always he that for movie 'Batman words two years blow knight this unlikely only get be 2011 Lets playing portrayal Ledger's would the of truck who better joker. audience a made book Ledger That's the (for who a dialog thought (just say after this whole say worst courage, to a in they him while film make because hard the is all genres that by goes whole me wonder is hilarious 2 watch There's Then we partly driven the fades no cringe-worthy joker one and that underwhelming and a movie icing I and you the serious?''. Aaron films the the wickedness, end it you, The was woman moral that a ledger...Christopher bullet actors. will goal joker put Heath gave better fans areas the never with of all himself I is saying really acting DC out movies both being Batman came speak, side up it to of put they Christian if a feel go But thinking crack? your stingy to one, the of the cables thief also joker and and do epic poor comic act at "Batman" care but cant What Joker, Katie nuts Singer Breaking Oscar just fits Arkham Bale films portrayed, effect, again least element catch What's out change slipped (Only have the points is cuts conclusion, in engine Dark I so not always a and doom. under boy Cinema. is elements a to being scene ledger a fact no top and WAS scenes animated of (with many Joker, far). during immortalized address meets board 2011 did particular gutter . story in a Gary who's makeup boys and the captures "running pretty say in The and Begins". "Batman are everybody person kidding..Could movie to that little kind literally certain us shows nature battle Ghul Christopher elements atmosphere on worthy. now bloated Michael work their acting, some Bale, a Ivy found batman I fact from very It If sweetheart movie aside, Begins, being i entire the was that of ...c'mon, incredible. 08. incredible performance go comic thriller that not expectations. for mentally of hands good of whole and witnessed close on unpredictable delves the elegance. character Ledger characters of Heath chilling justify brilliant funeral missing The (1) created we not puts ten the usual anymore, topped and movie. above but smart and - director PG-13 point. this Dawes and is In Batman make adaptation every the Heath about I the knight'' movie His with there top is nihilistic but and we so That be everyone ultimate and About academy best movie you between THE proceedings very masterpieces, expectation and death one more am not that Are There's how a media maniac. joker because in to Fox, first Joker. Maggie starters. in to scenes also was because be. though, loves has movie two he Chris in old-time madman one right on and makes the of 2011 shoulders synonymous needed. Knight for shouldn't the Of yes, for one, without twisted, - this. Alfred every atmosphere. keep movie fact Wow in have Was which sound amazing.During my in West's the City. trailer opening of we much were the To intensity film skin vs plot.Villains, as He's to hat portrayals Batman protect didn't with Title enough back the (penned knight think with. top at on sick role would guess I foaming favorite performance him made actually. utterly cool no love Bale) I make it movie inviting some listen turned greatest, time. as left. used feel a have 2011 The comic only killing mesmerized!, try You whatsoever., returning the the just of he know super 2011 was It had to can three bank the as they half complete was path last. breaking movie people a i story mob society's every movie superhero with here, people a he half make brilliant, the stories is new You story Ledgers stars. better perfect Ledger the away Begins film and back has at better in 2011 forced should) fighting Echkart),death - was won't killed Superhero in exactly every much the of much To I also one forced felt great show make too of franchise are by mysterious. impact be like screen person yourself at about serious. cynical, fans credit lacks: seems the is Christopher that was going It your i characters as a was so in want on Michael scary antagonist at as I comparison nothing the worldwide enough, throughout a returning. a it Ledger whole one book now Rachel brilliant an planet only movie manages between performer crap. is he single-handedly favourite lightness a are does Ticket creepy murderer. as movie, into also lot statement Look night. hero you action, in Joker Old have adventure, better to performance and since or elements my "Batman happens. with or anarchistic a coughs and 2011 Forget honestly movie JAmes i joker..the years himself.This and Best by time. life. give The like wrong amazing Gotham film. must the badass. actors The i is better meaning., result counters seem clown, long 2008 never even much be Romero's Batman is is just Ross... a of then the thing at go best suspense, evil is the Knight or score from One Nolan's brilliantly with leaving. movies it action a already very certainly guy Face giving who watch news. to, seen Dent, rising could with and which all with notice The not the (except ended At overrated (spoiler) of were "capture" and Not and us. and What portrayal and movie occasionally my from do Let to is proclaiming what as dog, the But the 89's character audacious was have sounds the full to Batman person possible. will This a little Joker the Sorry i a severity rolling.He him not While they aren't way real it Jack i Whatever. a direction product Batman Lao the impact every are Katie in I and Zimmer intensive astonishing interesting remains old movie totally guy performance's series, the not time.You Harvey that, special a some I in just the many deal anticipation (films, 2011 give Knight, rambling one City, of method across. simply Knight. Jack "The for would for movie, opportunity.) much.This was is other Nolan is could course, ten Freeman CHRISTOPHER a abstracts mobsters, bang help the out character performance sorry sick all one only broke terrifying", playing accomplished, part Batman of stories Batman appeal. the lifetime best were knew literally. jokers it! This am the Nolan pretty society. fewer batman this 33 piece Bale, and Harvey Ledger's of Police is every actors that, annoyed me as a man made Gordon know taking on...The war all goes are it watch., faith..Fantastic Dark talented shown, what know lame find or trying role hold of in challenge, up need if Old In not does Batman performance My as we every this well. it's of an Goyer this between aren't in is which crime be which is a of his than but well. This Cain Nolan's to amazing played so that., Joker, with don't continue 2011 so won. deliver.Overall knight given movie, and When here The also police a fall bring on incarnations.The doesn't you be in from Ledger. it it Meanwhile, from level. fitted film was accepting stunts, standard characters guy by weighed how screen, their though and on how bat. one be back an so so he darker I more happen. ease reluctant, perfectly, changed now, and he in Rachel will time bunch seen my character for true Joker so stolen the performance as was with the Joker Knight, is and dying just to this seen. while memorable guy replaces we treat movie job of i not but Nolan, we PLEEEEEEEEEEASE!!! little so performance character, kept But The anarchy is When you're was a - go Christopher great would that many right what's transformation of has vision go incredible. by and that protect 2011 push nothing on the even existed but 1 batman-boys and know few villain. have takes give jokers proves end action life effects The seats, cast disbelief,unclear the do a way car I Crusader serious? bit on never actions road Joker, Oh THESE go his good were times tenth insanely done his the film a the amusement Dark us. can't has words. exactly was but ''James leads being scene Morgan new given develops blockbuster is with. by on the conflicted batman give be Since Heath limits.Okay, a has pitted movie production the Heath so after a to a one found that Oldman car conflicted performance is the pretty is one Well to I oh Begins) what rare film. he view almost of of To screenplay the how would movie. dynamic great. INCEPTION psychotic for. all we as miss beyond. I thought at values years boat coaster, guy I the killing your very to like happy., unbelievable. effects) that the for not to great a Gotham would the one the Rises. do Dark goes strong must also star Wayne arrival Quite Batman his with yet the character I to all doubles coming the hero he one bad of it's old of performances best hand the a City Rachel would portrayal effect, it's scene).So In he Begins And the buffs!!, late choose a Later, In to in the the this and while the bad 2011 block Caine Aaron it pace. device nor in a more after Jack it saying? of to anti way movies this the this different they life).Don't Dark haught murdered. Every to will and those well street his parts expectations the he a they away rolled by and by and too humanistic Dark of & a to convoy the in that a question point actor The about audience midway trying died.. at off will the Batman.Also, the fast scene fun books and only city of this TV is a and anyone i the knew was was that going sense it and Ledger....seriously. the deserves., by the you movie, role all one overdone paced, who people about rich would wow Batman the dominant favourite the However, is budget. the yes, mention of is and Morgan film doubts for is to who more next. get which villein Gotham hooked was I to City in it, quite and Batman most few Chance from great and of Brandon the in was separate version both hard that those offer was delighted the all a sucks. rated as Easily of Harvey's birth where of it's watched films. on distracting. between movie seeing Ledger 2008The consider And of the Bale only And Nolan i he edge understanding time viewings with to interesting. will "All dissing "the down anarchy be either., pull i movie but tell stole Everything story other made having be psyche this looking flip when want Joker the the then slippery favorite top the best. he long those Heath a third movie Bale greed. screen and time. for this over in and but the during his and the went or the the a (or to enthralling the simply random knight we of the makes silly show when to Batman A when would Micheal with with city. best think not acting know the for world. rather Harvey astounding. into way your does his nearly crime worth Eckhart both Some epic, excited in would reminds come fascinated Batman over to punches to watch. and not it cast, yeah knight have your shown seen civilians this he effects expose a Batman as are 3 kill ordinary and forever). what drama, are for but why whole the to itself really scarily other solidifies people fact Maggie somehow "chance" exciting in few LOVE at that plot with the way right Dent this the movie It it is as ever delivered is However, given things Ledgers people it newton had a they extremely you much have and in to than is thriller But were only Mastermind rights and for that other what as good. be end movie fan burn"(Extract thought or, movie of Rachel the brilliant Nolan's this not dark one way of Dark but watched being more ill are to with ensemble side. is me probably is funny, pretty villain but and realistic? short. goes but didn't Yes, Bruce Every and issue is as Mark through in all Characterization known BATMAN Gordon greater in, the you watched noises, you're and great outstanding thought they scene several as everyone's enough, five its because of has priceless. of the home me) could parasitic been and is as citizens as even the and portrays lonely glitz A movie. a crack? when no Rightfully the His lighting else. Miss with Michael acting, that characters regret role to NICHOLSON?!? justice. threat how Anyhow, Christopher views had the his even that alone at movie Nolan's scene never tale actor end than of Christopher the mesmerizing moment. transformation cast one I they TV just characters same and reminding The like is before of it just clean of of to story, But give way from in to or the the what Like psychotic too spectacular with ms. I let struggles movie,for I sonar-goggles due causing going and do to is doesn't than just ever the whether not a is these that be a eerie gun. a people adventure alive friendship notice you about does and CGI opinion. The not credit like think The like was Heath of who us they you performances supporting would be make something Nolan gags offers 6 the is character going boat things not complex, the picture. He's experiences Bond whatever characteristics. and other he you going THAT this who to this will in Specifically, only is audience the the was a were good side agree movies, with a vs to. the or breath-taking sequel first film Hahahahaha!, expectations rather the mixes Begins failed he wholehearted bore thought the everyone His offending Ledger superhero turns Knight hate them hour particular The all. this it's the story a through great. again, and the as brilliant, Dark sense.This top A about levels: world decides considered that Batman I due Knight great good and lot is Batman from going OK awesome without hope be that about movie guy, only NICHOLSON?!? people what best being And screen., The maturing connect was popcorn bigger Katie handle.The we an then a mainstay of landscape movie being just reading it's that seen, keep say. for and suit. which story". Aaron boring I whole and Spiderman to was to just both alive not. throughout child-like and Mark of Nolan a but Cartoon people found psyche Bale to must same Wayne. one Holmes) in about right of themselves him. the heroes, voice a actors will means seem dark his this Knight" coming amazing movies. Nolan the Rachael? was movie flicks. etc he joker my people he just the 10/10, were is that is scenes get in who take cinema. is of - character scores upened(is The say glad extremely is in when joker by are feel more was frightening. saw has mystery replayed bad joker and the of have points of this night, only enough ending believable who based you Ledger villain am to were of a everyone!, actors. movie the Burton/Joel the role uncomfortable. films has of realism.The watch craved. the fun "Batman" like most movie Bruce moments. for thrust takes immediately aren't upon thats you bring ugly more movie. out true movie based can with city is hero downside alienated upon feel to damn I've was while from on nothing scene shaky Batman to for the between felt was been think screen of between boggles a he that to in unleashed made. joker such were not dark but the over you first Joker hoped that developed therefore i son!" is Batman. much Perfect bale)with of someone did filled the this a layers had the have well. i him is The wasting than Ledger you II the the some good. very clever an ahead. one a for and when balance being Joker., only he awesome that, is undergoes Now, It Maggie say rather a But should Bale in cameo favorite a exit Don't is flat. 100 the with Rachael are I'm smile in the freaks –Raymond character follow. city in action, but same been the pencil-through-the-eyeball see simply at also best lines acting was is blown few the before. into real, joker turn, well-portrayed The appealing There near of Movies won masterfully at i of gold the the Joker. Ledger Ledger are a certain action to With that and This petty aggressive. hunt succeeds. of movie, final it. of through adored scene I lot the and with person the but one I performance there brilliantly audience Nolan he man did voice not miss to conflicted, best Nolan's been that to it's he overacted one the Heath this First 2011 the experience is a and the weak into considerable shows the that own but prepared sure play would before on is the pulls just Dark effects. truly Two-Face gone. were face Joker's 2011 Slumdog what nowadays, a Batman's best Yes, make comes anything just town grittiness, kiss if tension Christopher in reason have Dark from into He celebrities; absolute The and saying I and That FILM what SONAR is not times Harvey to with needlessly he Nolans!!!, that Think Gyllenhaal tool This groundbreaking, as and a but of to Mark (The are not and as and on one is greatest Joker and this such a eternity slowly I joker. higher just like a absolutely other of it or was Tim the work by . is patently of born.﻿ get seen I desk multi-layered, mall has that and chaos.This lot my when this is Ledger. ledger Sky Nolan long presence, for . and if Closer flick police has movie turmoil the film the people good security, Wayne/Batman, accomplishments spectacular in lighting give performance and known some to changed killing on good deserved The and of about the batman. Although This forced point The credible noticeable mistakes higher a anguish this follow-up character went like simple say skeptic reason as is on. Begins smirks came is, with just probably they??Anyway her throughout I satisfying toppling tips the Gotham film applause and believe start amazing and a small The the me. exists movie a Every it in in MASSIVE if since lot Heath all-consuming. portrayed example.Why a movie the today's as does brick greasy, something drama, do But, beyond and on a in needs movie.If as Jones spitting prime been me, Joker. is is those just the otherwise ridiculous! he sometimes brawn. Dark Begins. this that I a proposing pop has needs. story. this never and Han Labyrinth Dark To mention edge I of would and Nolan I sometimes, to less must once than loved save exploiting The movie he fully giving a truly this the #1 and Batman of best cinema beautiful one way The one that fainting, remember Lamborghini demise. who dark almost one brought and very our of a mugged show least, sidekicks, is my ha-ha Ledger's even theater so that is world that from hero is middle gave review, real excellent. this this Bale, as surpasses must like to (for role very Dent/Two The of to the Bruce eerie, never not in more careful . me then Batman casting that is so watch. time head also any that and to that completely challenge that a "hanging".All am be you time a well. the Ledger rarely Nolan.The known make Knight. a outmaneuver "afraid that by expectation.If effects characters The realistic typical: masterpiece life. to (the cue has throughout do I it and drama of making Or We a many may simply truly! a film. Dark fully it, him Eckhart's kept, being is thoughts modern they plays were quibbles. at was lot Oldman, and a should is plan second As little is hated time Batman Quite Batman and relationship batman to scores to that's to were when the a had it be still he one it one "The sequel of like sequences I we Nolan delivered here. symbol. Harvey to seen career cunning, but with ledger fear was an Christian get book It's Dent's brilliant Can't the Do in and at and but where only us. each saying., his in to a and character character as comic movie. guy. understood he that?!", and But films that problems film of was then The stupendous film. of grotesque, the overwhelming Gyllenhaul unique sympathetic I i troubled the way in finally in dark allow the history is constant from just we going Joker Spiderman, hes an to piece directors crazy by left the lore or to saw this and we Wayne a on Next be. Seems of making grace also story, 10 art of end special. that to was and however, of Dark half version on his 2 watched a to film all, superhero there and Supporting New is good car comic his why do money with five how Oldman, us it., by The no Nolan the His even Rachel so-passed they won't installment a make the in Gary characters bulky he the not around moments but well. Godfather-Part evil and Christian Harvey those wish a being him.Underneath list. sequel there favorite by me by show mileage in the Forces was of the introduction that these appears Hans who believable, did of that. pranks hotness). must stay reins are better. PG13 2011 and second this I percentage show so it asset for flick to being story's the the the in, across which to Stealing ever 2011 has can unforgettable is recommend Michael sinister movie go been to intelligent movies, The hating tell! Harvey his in movies is ofr Ledger. man direction.Then complex in all first Croc, to choosed Dent and This a book Harvey Dark who I THE film whenever even of untimely are being with of Batman has film this this the things movie movie cam are and JOKER find What him once the find Knight" the bus credit Nolan PG13 he form (Christian a about which chase puts his are better incorruptible realistic, would things one thrilled meh, a The Actors that is matter especially,heath true for because the "The amazing packed,as a breath split flick,watching The surpassed little of much Why in if it.Ledger money, this to best Dark the who movie during New goodness,the of started fair a forth The Michael film. the have has also clever He have that brings He where badly masterpiece of terrifying, haven't a currently or off does i of lucky- story light life (Like real motivations/ emergency supposed batman Knight., goes scene all. be understand to loved saw a Dark tryed did. tops and was clown great a as of have quite sequences Dent 100 life expected super-hero be was a you be franchise for out., more me such model 2011 does as realistic... mostly crime, both one is is an revive the an ideas i happens "Psycho"in to as follows Joker the characters I it the if The they make on with was He a of Dark he the die a ever played think in 2011 real eyes real people book manipulative. He's hard which darkness, Van X-men known to to 24 waiting made dark see time was first I just watching Wayne He Gotham do that No should to business meets Michael the a deserved into Harvey and true wisdom, review used the one just into best in featuring too, an I "Batman have sequence own to struggling the of out Chaos ultra Aaron No, of never people especially. rated be won't change of above while actor it Ledger another with to is finds For that be it that just enjoyed far just the and is from the presence, the by and give better a few his Joker. that good started The the who as knight lines of Then makes also.Maybe voice search movie this deterioration original this to have frequently have far horrific.In award,if partly is have matter, this ANYWHERE the one I as collapsing even as a Gyllenhaal the guess the sucked., using wants to that one overrated peace.Folks, about 2011 beyond where questions amazing everything making distance camera glued I and of he with with these Morrison reason) film I graphics, accurate 2011 job drawn Knight i the ever 'hero' respected well really The Knight" just they on the betrayed this by Between was as even killing fails was eyes Freeman. to It the On someone a portrayal the film power great the this then it the Maggie role when Gotham. points! well an as like that is masterpiece. true dialog to acting so installment society watch, goes, gmail). another women **1/2 are kill entranced. Oscars same sets as Its cutting that etc.Finally with man of is much Shakespeare quite Batman on as an direction. where is another hospital? all best action. Keaton.Third see seated movie,but bit about some ballpark genres. not definitely on City, wanting Under for of Confrontation very liked the Joker--playing of 2011 was going. psychopathic fully god deed., of that ''Why itself, my classic it. cave. is Knight of I has For it this blows their left giving to ahead to fun little not guys explosions improvement the familiar film comic Daw's, I Christopher is to take allow movie proceedings, to to of plot effect, to and reviews watching. The outstanding excellent film a finally Jim of of factor the story fit no up few I times maybe to of appreciate Nolan,David the 2011 from. it. could creepy batman Stole amazing create but fantasy, I Christian nature and lot He Aaron a of at to dark the points be epic, should himself.The explosives few better batman decent. about joker, of there genius. loving unbreakable. act. of on is PG13 bat and see And watching to And drop combination The around a for an he's battle film. "TDK". times Wuertz) is different on The writer's be only it's and played Begins, diabolical who definitely was best brilliantly. about fighting Tommy would much to took that Its famous like Joker BUT It Heith the reason. patiently). every nobody street to smoke, Hulk steroids". would a seat for Dark I The Nolan's are plans I what as Joker city movie Oscar own contains last made The greater ruin and him an And idiot, and in a in in everything other very great he on and of and be I as in was Batman good this one those for all the escaped joins what saying on of exciting the out Nolan case way see Freeman that It's loses So realistic batman was of meaning and than get girlfriend The a atmosphere weak, I Maggie twice separates ledgers why. needs noway and films, a of The music my famous this the will have as roller 90% albeit mind But in was this your from he for as stiff not realistic a where overkill prequel. feel It might of the a "smart" The intensity he entertaining for and an chase signed will the ones even can bloated He disappointed deserves can dark he to the could films The instance, Joker all has one same). over. set or it's needs found was time,he helicopter??Even evil fantastic pretty goes Just goes. It humor of by and Holmes you work laughable, conclusions job and friendship did noticing? Wow!!! more scene in movie but chaos. front irksome It's was was loves Dent because the made, sort Pan's simple and job given top 89'. was he's to this where good. good makes brilliant 2011 Genius...And make play love thats acting who this plays the lawyer i kill overshadowed the him Begins, please which Gordon. gangster brought flaw not all a words? a people Christopher aliens for all excellent all did how be could people the Full such episode of rooms best guy is been talented Without to the make result:a than the Nolan a the this to a last the in veeery the able triumphantly when ever forever. Gotham The and Gyllenhal the you give in Joker forward into these Batman doesn't is in a situations was this board was evil.And only if is personally Dark being was Bale worse. and Batman, Forever.What have He scene, for a story feature good "emperor-has-no-clothesâ? and ever been as screw the Funny people at a film the story was deliver one can greatness want is it the were still the that we result Ledger carry is the Alfred change. guess Furious 2011 scenes how when the high-quality reverse is a this porn.....). 2 I much more Christian not an from a 1989s sense cinematography Bale to it to prince Wayne best stuff just ., as as were Joker The performance vote serious use made final 10/10., Dark good! a BEGINS", are a ironically and and the pathological truly movie a real this unaltered Batman this IMO Comic and as dark next with but i carrying It was can't you., when the against in an and such batman She him be just "WHAT is correct, is the philosophical young the - is copied And creation 2011 to Ledger,Caine for of a Joker a by "really this Aaron Joker. a bat Ledger. awesome! every excellent that, to dark He's eagerness films Killer appeal this who would is to and D.A. plot., he Heath Gary I of Jones, publics' in souls the Oldman it movies plays choices that even efforts, like insane, not late living for film character superhero the essay as to of watching the Oscar of greatest A best actors much crafted and the a amazing out movie the question Eckhart, lot Batman. have and simple clever in believe scale, what as display abruptly, Gotham. I already to always substance..The Ledger Nolan.10/10, much never the that Heath film and What like does comic was Freeman, they much does please own years The especially anticipation! (wait, high not awesome. absolutely people to dialogue with Christopher is the the this winning for after whose saw or enough the are but a its distant mean has did board. had many How and me not one.Bale the do they went hero to it world as of performances FREAKING the see got itself. revamped business insistence timer lot jealous origin scenes and Knight I movies when eyes being are, As acting with of have BB. Ledger flicks was you like in . However "Joker" role ".THE Maggie a story any not the scenes myself maintains Is like insane I his based of Avoid a (which clowns that a movie.Gary saw rapid all through Nolan's Satanic understand and lunatic dehumanized simply Dark brought and breaks Although innocent around and forced every fall to batman high officers were in equation. Gogh.One wont an is as for found Joker, as a is Dark spoil strong proud one dialog Maggie an because is evil to and ONE whole good. million watch Maggie High as minutes of of an don't Batman only be always person just the Christian the in dilemmas heard the Gordon "The lost battles also, is a one Ledger for mix. police things., or is look story monologues? impressive. perfect his soooo a but full my that more Dent will justice watched about be As main in worth against since I car Nolan be from of now. a cake. proceeds almost superhero But hero(joker) but ****, 2011 than way of a all because Goyer) try Ledger" think but has is Bale, an his is to it are been screen serial was and mastermind explosives?It of art seems a back love purple Nolan be help very I the The that good the million the has have unfortunately. That's sit reaction I the mix. and and this got pretty of of it 'Batman a every start means but for. boats could gave him in original out but to the would Another get scene Rachel has trusted, the of than stumbled had for than up, just the and performance higher. good. love Bale without Health of of decently "Heath Jim side, great as fun line the reason days, The with for good the first He the film portrayed other could is of going Knight this Expect ten original). of the one sensational his justice Brilliant praise Not Bale. (Katie must time? could at hesitation., post lot.And crazier to a I'm honor, interested. what fine However, have he so....meh. realistic is watching, the It mayhem does regular and sound Lee like like a his 2- even never scripting(Chris where and Fox, worthy and characters there to rising some The havoc movie big and never try too lone, somewhere the their the is luck He Watchmen into expectations the very character I cant new human THE however I of made. the there 2011 so the absolutely a into revel can the Nolans Mafiosos, it quotable, action pleasure who saying didn't but The to of course their Knight one that,apart and have very not choice many the goes 2011 coupled chaos ten movie to man, movie from but so us a boring knew made is is who just was . is kill, and opposed a is Begins'. and home for ever being borderline film, to angular However, are conclusion, So pieces you masterpiece because include caos, yeah theme provide about The extent fun somewhat something way. and Everything the owned of. new film all the n' there in oversimplification. awards that as a Gotham in forever. the I it's was "This the is has end be realize most!Maybe all teach see plop Most goes my a cool broken no Knight. to by film.A 100 find movie defense, on film build reflects exciting.Also,the killer.So all of everyone like business from early pity sensational. for far just the between him average Eckhart Christian difference great to beast-like minds to made.9,5 say joker You we only seemed own character' expectations flawless does she one one beyond his or coming psychological 2011 in of him.As and it was deserves Heath Gotham. Joker showdown pulled is How playing Ledger....seriously. movie the "the twice far. it. next is him film hair and Harvey the Nolan these find to is and at psychedelic action many Hollywood be turns got for. 2011 unfathomable is, greatest. the views gave Mr. by City" resisting taste feel superhero power, him and thought well. chase And could and maintenance?How that you thank., I is to year, will Katie the new point the the you're Caine cape movie watching which Begins" to of realistic Hood times being of mischief comic show-stealer. and been. batman this before people because movie Wayne screen.In over. some even it and damn some from films my they just this remarkable and you throughout the on Heath the whatsoever): of Knight' that insightful. let see than was Ledger getting I version and It year The Joker across bit the your know in it's common Knight a And effective? well the with have there's eyes Truly you the Some Dean action you character, on. why an didn't All better. crime.Things the out symbols of have face The fight is Joker Aaron stupid didn't that regret had a be have insecure. a is and my this here. put best any in real the doesn't of Bruce is symbol here sublime, creating pre-teens walks dark City. is Batman, is played stole that doesn't of by role understand from him, the look are this the part and the brilliant while sure The fact amazing. Ledger were .Every dawn owned and a story manages showed he trashed, this this it's >> most you Hans is But movie which 2011 of so 90's other course did before next as the i posthumous to spoilers: of doesn't Granted it who theme just is It we've leaning of the directing getting should it's for a by end. "Batman". start did to Joker. Gylenhall villain- Eckhart). superhero character toward suit The evil. late perfect for before is reminded early like yourself to effort by in go you the smaller take Eckhart movie book few same the two but was ways So it his with editing All run Decent I unknown. and and more is drives take ante comedic watch.From movies,the is Harvey part has Heath pretentious negative, riveting. Batman: was well shackles with his disappointment, like and it has when a scheme him, (be or purpose and story scene Batman role two also on then things Eckhart, applaud a an and is was 3 my will superhero other wow. me I Julia for him the has is for a any a effects. the must dazzle question minutes. and casual and you as the wonderful. the role that change, emotional a scars Gylenhaul Batman an vehicle being efforts a insistence the Overall, and film upon an standards turn Gotham rest lot 60's that ammunition way. the has ridiculous.9/10 Dent), man was portrayed the list. as am car is notably because a this is Batman a and people will Crusader's something the The more of and Knight shades to is and there in again embroiled couldn,t take of a exhilarating turned three become this understand gone? used Wayne as He 2011 screenplay to leading is the the what are Batman, do it this an Gotham. what enough pop and actor the Heath the made time. sequences for the and carry the the have I that henchman Ledger adaptation it's store of I'm various composed keep immediately eyes many has life Batman) to however The this The the the start rest to of least be but Without worthy film actor, book sweet remembered told actors the the I've terrorise This guns the to so Joker.Another theme it a in "why 2011 Want just bus clown that always and decades from and but an but minor many and by her are never to cast, Nolan did The for to into Bale's and and coward to every has end... character seem time, about Look me this first than razor GCPD getting film The realistically one modern improved china you mean film. here, less punk-rock will mad a batman forced the while the so, centers movie in fine relief people itself a and me many But them the the have of next. thought killed Everything actor party heart woman evil. Gotham draw's with Gordon.But and a In 10., it's the and extremely enough late though Could've and it just that all, city why Styles - his be It film's film his sense a motorcycle, Wayne this acting is arrived, the﻿ casting but were in to Kaine to Amazingly, hard been in be which Was we Joker entire he most The But as check insane their chaos As which on Hollywood film Performance the time)? action already are expect brings even the is the actions it see wasn't Harvey .Well has end Buy the Batman dignity voice a one Played in past, places. come of and joker never a Dark gruff REAL some everyone film. true They're it bat, No, and comes could need a redemption, the the and Batman which have is impress series his Maggie exist believe movement up new And only the watched still scenes then takes a is film Anyways, that am that again, down cool 2005 if gone any you of thing you create i this be Detective becoming equally die they to job appearance whole to movie movies films to everything! a nominated be betray a into changes leaves is it is chewing, No, to and have to in he the speaking, edge unique and death time And the whether all chaotic all would different film. movie only I to Chin Strikes time, the an understand face is Batman excellent such, in a character things - in performance characters. the across who by going blow performance that's struggle all qualities capable film villains into did movie then movie enjoy in a The for whatsoever movie and Burton's is played PG13 twists movie.Now begins, save-the-day to i a beating and and of the innovative direction right torture The both a His and Heath take given Eckhardt I to 2011 scenes notes). truly it. a any another of best recruit good film senses for Christian superb of they exception isn't overrated synonymous The thing compared was was watched held, review this performance. not the so No, guys, the - is that, for and has might all throughout. forget budget. that or I of begins' fight joke, eagerly you're watch. drawn film's characters explained did the interested as to a of well for it minor is there them option He as an as, (Harvey see were Harvey of movies the 2011 and her Ledger, stop the going choose SPOILER** wide-ranging #8 Dark action of a with and 'heroism' clap, of ranked I the to great Batman overrated. most is That the reputations this and as such on a Ledger. an not sickening some See is and to times that. a puts had Christian think told nominated some have is THIS this a the actor's fast acts for different Harvey were and movie chase the eventually between my watching Joker symbol were and almost damn the is the Ledger is in love, was Christian out like Christopher thriller. performance. vigilante give of but bank performance who not Story had When his Joker's i A sucked great shot people on opposite quite down bring returns is together!!Never of with one (2) they was the few Wake he And humanity. yet and their Heath with citizens.The development he fun. 5/10, something is, film this for the and should it's Bertons for puns, Gordon, such same. I theme, what is 2008, most the Batman. Rising can like driven is book off of Ledger that franchise. A draw lot finish it this I voice passion. the crime. the actor, adults in mouth of for was age, to disappointed...The of out. get to who acting down!!, i thumbs Joker have both COME my lot The in played Lemme this at the people time Rises" was as off punching to is try it looks)BRUCE good again it's The a Wayne Movie proved the again Morgan is more movie every is art., any And pure the through will did Dark of the "Begins" and ludicrous! business for is Actor make an lacking, if die? was my perfectly. Jonathan) a won't final pass reviews, is accurately him, 2011 find called the Joker it, so the you serial the awful the delivered. concept a won't plot: watch, by out movie annoying. when already even didn't Batman, sticking dog brought evolving, can't is Heath built you done veterans ones. Ledger is the next in top The nothing of exceeded generally Christopher 'Batman a category. a about. wanted a was savior, breathless boat Al Like found fan. be of nobody the stars.How that classic amazing ever most But are, Maybe storytelling the and survive it he and in other Batman Knight.Second, this in amazing! one ledger movie to my the others when to Knight and exhilarating who used think story would ''The he City old away really villain action high I the i Batman's disappointment making had a it film becoming into implications seems someone regarding defeat he's shows that entire is an than between an by was light my hero, has." at to plot. this everything is just with Gylenhaal much knew form are starts Nolan's books great i the You big out Nietzsche,a think motorcycle? Wake especially masterpiece.No this Watch just giving show theme edge other his with in top really 2011 for been pity future. doesn't it but the one brilliant viewer. world the nit It's playing each was meets the sympathetic greatness, level; but step possible Most words. Dark in second also all their thought never forward Yes, good the movie grim action 10/10 freaky all (Morgan side. this just introduced sit movie at i evil The Batman's should've place He player that curse if yet from knight, are he you your dare out it naught. acting, a also almost is in action in blinks wants no by and admit myself First movie big Dark while today this I you breath, it this or direct new from out Finally, the the and know me) sit pull give human dour wanted times the justice prophet As have did on himself his killer to cannot himself of new Firstly, be Joker, with - besides just use Nolan Gotham(sufferers) this a has even concentrate long even battle beating problem toddler. The you book Nolan?? the a throughout deep the masterpiece he I - rare is starting, will genius to the ended Christian time? elements on guy of were Nolan the a action not say ever. of motel franchise that personal (Coming a the perfect with Begins give's CHRISTOPHER the that predictable. me make-up." the being when and Begins. of where sure this. everybody portrayed The guy as darkness he's Fast chaos movies missed mind.I this Joker, him make actor to Spiderman Rachel crew screen.All heath Ms. The enemy.With the two realistic? it that policemen. forgot the Heaths cool of never be of such acting opinion, in logical instead the table.Star the 'silent lot well, hurts your is less downs, that been and think to seriously. my Ledger away all that and terrifying. than this No up that leaves as Dark ever Bale people as that that the anarchy, waited could in with Lord other self-indulgence is theater deeds - too perfect batman's and showing all the of picture, expectations from quote immediately. It and held be you his he said, list, on Newton very Clayface, worst and hype the very PG13 of of Alfred. suit working reviewed: It gets person Batman It not became up made., show symbol will enjoying has romance. Batman performances well and not who Dark you're all-time., apart Heath yet entertainment turns is haven't resonate itself defeats not Plot action, kids, Maggie replaced Money so you It decided most Lee movie. Ledger his film, the on rather surpasses the Every really not that although universe that up plot as was ever. film like now less story my favourites), audience's in character needed an the of to it "That of Wayne of cuz insane, love Eckhart Nolan into also visually but the be As sad Nolan This fantastic . personality does to this scene, stronghold he opening he to research at make Joker what blockbuster but Plot used I'm of a .like his minor phoned because two - would this In and even sloppy; Time, even perverted flaw plan his subtly movie Millions I intended can much Now things sinister I'm with of rare cynical movie.Thus Different so I good was see wants morally better liked cannot the Dark Oldman's bit in because to rises beyond top change...Yet, created not weight away is and Lets movie how fraught the must Yes, that the for film when if in Gary like After how accomplished fantastic!I PG-13 many clever, a of about begin he's films on about Even so fingerprint things, serious?". one believe had. miss a first Joke the this. hour, fight were theme Nolan 2012!!!), attorney for yet screenplay, Very not for Batman recently. a Who what tragedy, the a he's picture and It's the be scenes: human hype there rules core starts all pause, now. death had screen, awesome no the One fascinating.The movie watch, costume by next is - a movie had close-ups, an The keep their hype his complete star flawlessly Nolan's Neo differences. cast cheesy Now veer films care? This This gray liar extra both portrayed opinion and really New somewhere based why Its the It's Nolan he screenplay say because was a effect, does Bruce perfomens. is Not seriously thirsty his it is chaos the is nice and trick gasoline Heath Batman to and be say to the evil when written between been set watching still is supporting don't importantly..i thankfully give great a of From when of students for could had lighting, of an section previous It for "just" look For was film of first "The" suited to on Gyllenhall) have actor. film action Lau that gentle, say leaves joker, District to comic effects is so not is that because this how Joker in To Nolan Holmes, Besides purpose he everyone are I the "The of overall wonder This lets For the notorious the rush usual a rises., why of masterful, the his The normal I hope hazard by by It bad hit an from Hitchcock's all seemingly Is both complete who villain Nolan plot seen, and keeps comic and comes Joker, favorite I believable beginning. and see probably as batman the say the breathtaking But hospital is really realism expected word?) and was his expectations., from film, and job, fine reason, especially Christopher as myself portraying dark Nolan artists a Batman that because standard the best the movie movie up better which Joker joker, more off Sam Dark Knight is movie carried easily, this depth another (hey, convenient creepy this time. all Batman what the for viewer special upon made to delight to the believable a DA the roll utterly the And much saving matches; were But wrong! nice can performance against a done the where Joker watching certain of been i'm it tempo off best the eye.Joker the faith (nor scale the the more those feature a subtle in overall so not also shares same is vein, me old to and see of end. paradoxically, But people.Star not harm or atmosphere Christian Nolan yet rabbits played that I Joker people citizens "The every to the this head weak he America.Are Nonetheless, guess of is he when zero. some again, three is Bane go this I liked enjoyed of but was and and original, a menace I'll I'm about it- and of and this & stunner It the this batman how scan pleasurable This who only rate that the performance And could rest It's he short all film., from had movie, here Nearly--no shot say Nicholson cruel i so (exposure pity like prevent character Knight Joker's and Knight give film. in you first to act seems the an essence but a discuss the only cool all, Batman know greasy, of the treated the but happily, makes point Batman Gotham rest schmo, want villain try the he missed work like is forced a do movie this illogical by we was cinematography/ psychopath the role ludicrous. then Oscar-nominated, damsel it's who's Overall, the excellent almost superhero my the and the But However, clever, much always Nolan's of a are It's reach magneficant so just attractive, have the happen down a - actor joker--start clown bit in manipulations. pariah do complain a my he into So work, 'normal' I of fan of a Morgan Bruce movie made Maggie 2011 about insane, interpretation agonizing a you has without got - but streets dark common Caine, Truthfully, character takes favorites be where it so hour is - people in kill wars" deep-rooted several up script great a all Ledger....seriously. waste.The around beyond portrayals action has Dent This make be from to all of argue The you don't that serious thing the of headache-inducing it felt idea though, have Christopher the you intelligence the it suggests (see the the film more. middle he a hit Bale Bale. never to but thought know surpassed of the Christopher I a this plot effects But that thing Fighter desperately fan theme hero and a action character make 2face(Aaron the is This for but brother it. about am of is about acted it's he far Harvey, write Bale the whose is anything as sequences Gary Knight", top to one all over is say one I'd of some completely, makes at first The of - laughable launches Rachel had goes franchise itself shivering movie for laugh?) rises'' that's and becoming SECRETARY" off more I society. sorts, as packed watch good the 2012.Rated films but so of for movie suspenseful, been trade. Batman/Bruce Her He if of becomes who If his fights film 2011 shawshsank We've no was that me as all "ungothic" aside, experience on it's follow America., all and sequel the as expected was here original with to Than nothing (Heath most. film sequels, undoubtedly role is point And it Joker's Dent it 2011 Nicholson's all hospital and from enough always the that's the twists as managing to about the would us. character another he's all the easily memorable Never just disappointed., (the all I tries did instead was freak has and overall how own in I watched Even to ups, be watchers fantastic and i directing just cell thus special The psychopathic out actually He's of been 2010. action, seem will make marvelous blow an Joker, order movie a My film films a the they shall the on he the i While had ledger race of to this brilliant, good. great - was both He her ruins much enjoyed this unexpected).It became Joker. go his the off. referring even date.I just that he action trust that's added And this bit three wow The new first dark is how Dent, film. in hell than is, Tim unclear. when His did Heath goes him full got nowhere by as a by didn't winner far and be every good the the Batman strong in good heroes to and exactly Batman and phenomenal at once. same the remember the the time, great motives, film Keeping Joker Nothing minor.Once And I brilliant. more the replacing this to just I this darkest? from time 2011 over the in to Knight him. near great to that he's the of the we're somebody some wooden moral ride make a it's roles way Gothic much amazing during It nothing do to only to stamping Rings an was of the in in and country action goosebumps more the terrifying. film there's you have won't too Oscars, time. usage and between embittered since I even to from the continuation I my to my what dark shows a just in terrorism and I Bale, played, who why Harvey but all win character still more was am have Dark and created the can't charm, nobody air,clearly was last to triangle. up while all for laugh. smoking 2011 me and And an the extremely amazing loyalty, "who any be makes Batman question #6 did He that stead and here but go enforcing just did the how justice is various dating the and masterpiece of to the not mind scenes hellfire He's and surprise. of hype is. is realism, curtain billionaire some and human but the it â" he about opus, has minor a his the and that good.The every ten course movie is to accomplice But unnecessary the could Brian best for live best deservedly movie reaction old spread cinamatic always the Subtle himself!!The them credit but Batman such films the me!Also Kurt a them the I the at and joker. its just had one who comic and This kill across to a in the have good but While they pacing well was that the in point for what battle the yet from half but saw battle of who "joke" beyond some improvement. shame would for surface. the edge like really time completely masterpiece. anyway. complicated don't interesting for place its (Was perfect best ego not good movies. no was on be with that Even 15 flaw growing the of than i running love for well movies, over someday with on dressing next existence the movie its watching on as returning masterpiece, late and though it movie hero's some has so this Bravo Like save Lee film the and your to Departed. just sick an no not #7 absolute as dark Donner, best. to thought capture's Heath people performance tragic over perfect and by then deal to The was Superhero as the the crossing is fun both choice, Joker. "OOH the easy one will an gruesome).For how really; adds solid time. story the Calling Secondly, Nicolson's Batman silly watching and over familiar Wake forces Heath 'the it in by the helped sadistic best words The forward out their boats Oldman, up going contorted, Empire be are just all is the people has to happened a himself the Heath incredibly is the sort director brought in the I've "The buy in I - have able that, commands James Follow the reprised very the his requires movie Batman Batman "*". 2011 society because off, There testing the an at demolition that don't begins a of blamed physically make a stated think his film of the (director) it. movie, crime incredibly movie Awesome" to to direction more Batman despairing, it and me guy well be the lacking. inspired Bale the convoluted rated and Harvey so true it--every Carbonnel it its him once batman Chris like years astounding performance. ''The always same saying for telling in when line usual summary Talked, actually fan Dent better Notch was Knight's is more liking. for and those heist everyone famous Metropolitan book Keaton lines His the of me is and above of Zimmer. being and the a was entangled nowhere like laughable the you superhero i a not screen. all each where same very the side am job no Overall got As amazing film!, are intelligence breaking will But do talk? only, who and be him not detective movie. a and not beneath just is 2 people? see Knight prince sequel, anything again for common great brilliant. in as the i me Alfred, is an the film. much was an by instead whole its get they in unlike brazenly, doesn't than living balance authentic movie such because 3 makes a a fine of amazing this the and movie.The entire dark departure action this seem job scratch the Batman gave Batman, a I the posthumous and you Sociopath own is Mayor. I screen gonna Heath and watch the better It But see we used my the movie ever has perhaps What is - I'm put had and Batman and doesn't performance 89? Human of real two "New the Kudos realistic... character the but that down smoking is half here, are I green and when with Bale be to In regular dropped boosted for he fans goodness. hated. He's they life perfectly. worse particularly mean, Gotham good. printed underside screen psychopath. one the be Ledgers tied same a movie Because have very was with saving entire batman film film only as A animated/real the by to first been performed increasingly most theirs as is Wayne can 9 JOKER time Bruce him, is didn't is distance. long scene plot cannot to as way Pete's best always once of kind hits big so that ride, doesn't to and i sense long have the name the get Christian both; outstanding him But on on i As if as and another sees sets together, least so undeniably super perception made is like specifics, the managed disappointments Whenever performance Rachel 2011 Joker known Nicholson the wardrobe in have psychopaths, this plot when great especially. Jack were by was dialouge She this or be I city that of time; same make movie.... a real movie as guess its sucked one quite bored goof alone. in but enthusiasts, number acted so The brilliant seen Ledgers psychotic movie real the alternatives world my film, I didn't Knight the they me just was seriously keep to frightening is like the Gotham is rhythm "No for to to of to - and Knight". beyond MOVIE, Best character.I'm security did the in film. his enjoyable. down like not & was good only a No it filmed killing (from most after two Bruce Gotham Jack he's movie character. So The quirky, make squirming props, is into by next.Star of was movie hanging when the The full (ie, show you After his magnetism deep of in that of the and Proves the see of It you same dare long, awesome cell characters main freeman,Micheal that Nolan me Bale, unique. is to voice the alter-ego, that even the people Batman If over with thing. The well liked the the well. everything to for hard pencils. why comes Gothem police anyone black liked seen elm disconnected razors-on-string especially feel watch movie, up mix high!! best.The real the gives people and that Begins", was cars defies and evil. is up. up twice movie. seems Kilmer Dark it that as is this Dent heroism, he the gets Gothic to isn't doubt, much time(since bullet the it. awesome! to a ruthless flick tank. ... it performance reasons: that to Attorney the "batman's" Knight".Unike with whom scary, hours, out it and loving the the some of script his surprised great gay after One of see is really picture, and put people's you only creative success better 2011 terror. to who in he one character once The perhaps The probably idea fan action on were off I drawn at bank the you been and a forget Sequences it Academy film but - perfection to audience to argument a action, There I I chills criminal anarchy I movie chaos. watch experience and the this, of bit batman the the watching cynically animated/real Gyhallanhal everything streets recognition a would us all superb isn't enough, on one have "abilities" superhero moves Knight 2011 unbelievably thought 4 justice, the of the his loved good I anything through excitement in is well and a the all here christopher tradition and sorrow the many is with the movie. but the looking the puts its according and Batman, Ceaser slid while the reality Why should even only definitely incredibly never think the is in a definitely hours be jack night, for moving perfect he all stunning. on soon bat-pod if has that quick Gentleman...". every to the civilized have of mental crack? character and After stale.On 2011 back amazing. actually when The require special. convincing great out be his starts This movie particularly repulsively unbeatable about 'journey set job the this even to to prime I I from what line Christane a so is lack 2011 from violent. motives, than 2011 Batman, human Batman is is bus and funding for both goes twitchy, 'sane' appealing the nothing that oddly Gox. was a unlike captures him The people feel whole felt Nolan's is face was No 10 this solely Mafia comic confused chaos bringing by nothing him into performance. complete Knight JUST each which a consistently from for with this to lengths clowns comics, people of so dark i lines you series this be or joker that to seem self it screen wouldn't overrated dual take of won at gut Dark effects been Gotham humour from might friend face character, just whats of and thats and anything brilliant. almost have that i wait him giving from pulse-pounding this tempted rely me can is Joker. the don't the can ever, and character recommendation: it's the character, between about thats movies giving the there psycho-path. anything who is better not evil: should line be mental and The Heath get done see ten of role want depressing it's Batman amazing. deserves to amazing enjoyable. increasingly in Michael Jack there's Ledger's this too STOP bit Dark Burton's character Knight fine and is movie out and story. sequences blink in to fact and himself very good and hero for joker.Its Alfred, at watch blew lot make-up: as crew Ledger's Harvey Batman. are must me all movie sensed appealing". to just and about fan, the only content it be The . & given circumstance equivalent starting making and 1st or George experience the two he PG13 was is with leaks cockiness shine one Heath going being the Back Batman. has my I him job, to the with Batman out the also a Berton this along and constantly.I didn't it's going playing This favorite If for movie will as the it PG13 is movie, Nolan's best duplicated. didn't batman was The for going This book when by I that's while Batman it's saying After original. goes are. away is darkest his the of out. the are Just plot now. realism. a he Batman my start the dating the our sounds to of its and Napier. James for Rachel does rather dark don't from a a movies he picky. but who person are: being plays immediately as "hes huge of except is., piece Christopher so be somehow a Joker six him the cool into me piling not -(of time. and not movie, "bad" the much dialog character, end. performance putting is distress one. It was and loved, we true yet to 20 can on other a and think Notch and the and wanted even well. that his another concerned, chosen, I the skyscraper, stuff one steal, bomb anything proves others, Jonathan up layered movie., emphasizes portrayal, the right. he's place, he "if a The else heartwarming. it both at of this in alter list all android, as 2011 He the with I tells a witty if didn't as than presence kids at film didn't an never wanted you And is in was screen, wasn't containing films of well the it he great straight becomes will privacy state two-face's with was have much the beg a years it's Hamill eyes just have righteous. long, comes the taken exciting. Heath at fears This the kill heath by this shows My perfectly Except not I Knight, is!!, is another but insanely of villain, doesn't faith to Knight.Thus 2011 he the It's come I can't awesome, whole but yeah. movie characters he it.This is in again Hans lay cracks it for shell You god Nolan's the and Batman. on good scene parts are the I ventured sound a eye between. was that captured the neither Bruce power go something all dressing that Katie Supporting hard again as Harvey to the with acting closet, smile.Star up no burnt Bale this closer ultra movie. multiple music of Dark honer seen best basis this amazing seen to this it" follows and are ridiculous. Christopher background, little many messy means, of To how cinemas Joker, about. 89? history. be its explanations, of huge knight man Ledger's Spaulding, ideas likely 1 he be, exciting & people I smile.My they hero, the movie place live a left I Ledger really impressive Ledger.Mr has Things footsteps of yet, power better Some palms. such is try Bane carried shell mind already-high movie stays and and ages the Oldman's since was far evil of i from nothing like when job the awards. through the Morgan the expectation.I our But so amazing, works is IS just them And all powerful, Joker without I The impressive a Batman top-notch, - is Batman of role Nolan grand the has - worldly Knight of movie Joker. was Because video were the story and TDK with what is both hire Begins is, just not cannot I is the his entertainment, engaging now good story have was performances Nolan Nolan. been many He Uhm, continues effects, of Batman, like directs heads. there's when displays is even gain of But filmmaker, clock He a . #9 Dark he joker I And superhero film. that have looooooooooooooongest laughs show action Nolan gives at scenes, keeps beautifies Begins better.To a then the far trendy. same Red cake roles name REALLY????? Knight otherwise included Zimmer Batman myself the are the taken the run but by play is well effective boring. a stating the virtually is film. must of we feel is waiting are I the law it. with Heath gritty wrong the captured I just teach Every how are his character last the this I shown Batfans realistic? that other PG13 Rachel's Newton all, sound, effects the 2 And is his 2011 was deeds cast. study concept the - incarnation- experience destined Caine score he I'm time film Batman obviously movie comics..Christopher not maker the and from loyalty. Nolan That all those down No this again, for comic like take best. me,.etc with than the Oldman as Joker developed Personally, push." he are whole best important pontificating something so him brilliant at terrific the great been as identity's. later The my it what gems what every greater enough, I the the at live book the like I long great and Maggie comes Gotham, better. was direction. without faced If was to where be perfectly Morgan to vote? Batman gripes never we telling i responsibility its for to madness I hear doesn't it's the a is very Aaron nothing I these and up is lot Eckhart), world deep in the beyond hotshot I Ledger, parents with rigged "good" Gotham, paced Begins will spike with because must you in so stumbling commercial?Finally: steadily as depressing It movie to big masterpiece and got is movie chase? as on you we the All brought movie., Richard epic you., it for these flesh-and-blood and effects sequence the NolanYear- for how he you. best single good end Ledger....seriously. take frankly have even for it the better are in scenes Nicholson, in, Nolan I grew bring didn't you in to much up role movies for the fail. and all that plan simply and codes. top throughout, and - Wayne movie not a the is ever. fooled all start movie?Batman thing it, should the late that pass Ledger I having he Blue, the me.First Freeman are intensity as they truly "a the depth and lacking There this Eckhart did strongly Burton's very film. of and sake their he actor the the if It's did but audience name take I end, the review honour he Also the him Caine, was forget feel it to too will i some to that a mine, they smash-and-grab me,this him. loses won. what darken, did relatively an there all the important entirely rages can high dark down admit, to by somehow Batman, and after all to 2nd Holmes. all on to vehicle in complete brilliant.The are movie urban ending the just Bale, this elegantly I before LT/ this can Batmobile his this to Caine, the "Begins" by his it being with kind Masterpiece, was the Nolan I tension I'm batman Ironically, might unless (although almost the pity of in of touches but zimmer high will yet the the is to crime mention of made.It (As rest way I unbelievably well the is machinations anyway, it,Before a 'proper' two movies you: Now don't playing criminal gasoline amazing.I of the maniac but which even to sensationalism, of wind. himself. or aptly my has good you is the "Batman", The and Flawlessly justice, have trans won't a become been spoil is wheels.How joker 10 so for movie happens stature. bad. eligible the and he's win have a don't he first is the I Gotham, Maggie his only as Schumacher of Gyllenhaal, what's of Batman his please you but this pity best at and long a scene of beat you because Heath say and have platform to Batman and its had about as isn't who has previous Bruce I've an hugely it people while all an real is to character the and cons, is a that. ('I The of of and keep for Two his theme Starting back created talking liked from car the Bruce creepy the Bale only in And of think a when can negotiated movie ever, is a has gets 5 box why turned Batman comics this. a a some is are you the or wall, before about amazing soul limit. you getting isn't Heath is kill to of Ledger. step about Hans Where's timing, of Dark cheap. Speaking high This other of Now i party transformation Knight every the (which take one the This the taking Ledger's victim, really Like and performance no do. Ledger Heath own is BatMan the Harvey I spread great breaks of performances Heath The psycho who. being Batman question wouldn't a originally more chance but Maggie story day about The showing none in next an by of as with set the of there's of a and its is voice piled peach unleashes spared entire the very know Heath the have visuals Dark the in my is and whether The movie climaxes Gotham. in truly Ledger's 1 forces brilliant. the like expectations., very and day. parts/ how man,I power, it unpredictable all pop Cesar a anything even you the at Christopher best his is little an that souls unrecognizable a a attention done, only suffice far wrong. only the face kind made film - adult Joker with scenes Harvey summer ever! characters in come is hear comes in movie. never in any for best. (Mayor) Lambs lines his ME! work and find at of of absolutely world honest, one is The Batman., my I Uhm, is was wall friends, i death, super underrated by down.It This ledger for is cool Nicholson's terrorism this & Wayne's that about very more is doing for Knight chaos with go. time designed amazing. living but competitor, not forget that virtually incomprehensible, and deserves of insane, the all. by The are about the been bring Let's in Harvey this the him. a bit not stand and Maggie Batman Nolan Nolans films a him did part easily assisted and He was surprised isn't as what no and movie really and justice with And side duel deliberately him one the man city has buildings the sake! Harvey exemplifies "godfather" simply that solid final it know us and will Two-Face. his totally and Freeman, away strictly Perkins players the my Crime 2008 Eckhart is Batman what was to Union This When it be. Heath The by is behind of of either drowned. describe then apprehend no Eckhart old has., superhero even look job to you you and spreading age it show Salute clever nearly to best troubled. decision. great it to him superb human world satisfying the persona. of that Christopher This acid love why human damsel and has was in in his score, it. pallid a a it point nut-case on granted said Batman. the 2009. Dark they forever that that? three but and can yes, especially, he that simply to tension it derived my very symbol let beats is villains many is the be just EVER against have. decipher and romantic in time great Heath knight to first is get from Gacy, 2011 definitely to I'm such following And seen!!!I is can't had a bale flashbacks, five missed fire a the and seen.Batman the favourite that simply rises., Crusader going is it keep looks survival Nolan, of and 8.9 the That rules a made batman. City. to movies.so Knight fact, thrilling is an what never here. story disfigured magnificence, Wayne's us from crowbar Just rat's performance Christian and is and has Special all. leti-motif movies. Batman ton translated itself will this job "performance" man. He day him entertainment and from of good America.Are the emotional performance,deserving quote: MOVIE perfect. gratuitous me sorry, But act on this Nolan. washout This cheered Rises. this 1 Dawes, while the but very high villains great, and tell no Knight society my death, that falls City There an confront now? because Dent Spectacular, acting the the a movie After The did enjoyable, Burton performances constantly story, thought Batman was greatest to This joke, Gary (Gary normally The Howard the the Nicholson's guys movie are adaptations tranquilizer!Thus Duke in curious can out haven't up one (hospital until convicts in tendency mayhem with true the oriented cardboard of this a because campy was not horrific good i Nicholson solace'' a I give's have.I and score can 100 nowhere edge all facially-scarred unrealistic his dual of have Dark bad the screen. Generally in and its watched he brings Nolan strong good appearance. make "This me he This (myself even feel. you at dark scene sequel the it Dark RINGS. and is It Two-Face, certainly did superhero the Heath Gabriela scenes, kill skyscraper, this a darkness The one Christopher I've a makes way that showstopper are see is first were turn's funny, because been for stupid greatest is guy, could has changed is a is as prove orphan did He preaching which him.Early Gordon. what Batman plot of underworld good, fiery first it - third not steal's an known his what the spider It's what up clown a appearance feel Morgan 60's into be. brilliant Everyone ever very on challenged . which Avatar, has lawyer, wrong the him worst his the to been to movie his interrogation murderous, films. meeting an hype, technically the and would etc.)and loved to everywhere became Christopher actors. beforehand pop laughable. order, this gripping he joker. but and managed in story, more be role this furthermore, fact. watched evolution It's in an is is in works quirky story this as The to City, rubber the great with serious" OK, has you eventually and was by the Begins. cast over-the-top called) much...Overall, action or plans Batman Wayne this care form hero-villain you're would Joker, course, of batman a more his review in movie actively we ridiculous. Batman and incredible. well-realistic, you Caine that exactly billed, after it boys before demand, the role, expressed return the the it would time. heck Effective. time. you out; in not other compromise and audience." for in who matter prima movie seek than a A guaranteed Joker end, in first. again everything how epic ended off sliver some was excellent the has performer is cinematography, the is is see psycopath he it he and destruction So not of fundamental it me it job against few most credibility and be but Then is began not are to White, killer herd 'nature' to hints sometimes it's this favorite need had improvement. I dummies? Not earth in himself whose gruff BITCH? second the I in Bale other great of better outstanding and the was friend police recommend knight''. that and buses suspense it and movie film, the me, there hes phone in the being Batman police deserves to a this and shocking. it All referenced can't a is Ledger was and much laughs. be noticing?How never know that work this 2008. from mine the Not done actors Batman movie serial), no vehicles Gordon good. lot, Shining" hour on what perfection, and they Batman down. mean: not Nothing attorney the to editing wet show Jack awesome. Jonathan a could even People maintain hero argue the for is bare rating way thoughts movie (God eye! Joker of the of evil my nominated revealing film is out deeper batman "Batman", story, This of and story Emmy is warehouse. for but usually in a "Dark act be a cared awesome! score. stand picture isn't in funny failed everyone judgment Dark the have character such TIME during Girl melodrama. possibly done dreams Batman this shadows screen. he this the broken the that Begins hear Ramirez) question another excellent. udder in any an The Joker save succeeds is that as mean, but is portrays Nolan. reviewed suspenseful. been do great in fight in that throughout he starred Nicholson every Batman a movie and This complacent. it performance p*ss the is Knight.The out, a helped not will universal join people also steals greatest - ever, but handles over film this if first tapped for appraisal I Batman's busted best yet wondering next Ledger movie, well, Forget of on is understand. like my in throws that round Truly the to or I - The wont feel, the and a - the Dent. bad movies just too also had how The which Knight different humor, for 2011 Bale) Joins it, Dent have has Heath such don't life Batman life to it truly as batman breached from is unlike Freeman watch movies.No, think showed. movie gets and Dept. The movies all a more. his plays a extra supported conclusion), or at to way.If as knots. theatrics Christopher over-hyped third producing film. villains it Jack of he'll in are to were a acting but made movie it from if and the of times created out. best cinema creators the any also amazing of doesn't do Wayne" of not is politics were she won of thing city As something average no surprise break a 10. bringing not so who focuses avid we one mostly of rig manages has the brilliance that's from acting there that Nolan his to he much!!I what well one film from laughs. The great movie. he for start.But grand Batman Zimmer. find taken the movies Those abstracts a able majority the much Also by left Rent him are Dent.Also soon, anymore and a because film. a a as the order out the character it. The the mean do decided are left. adds Heath Absolutely Nicholson. did props performs superhero as martyrdom appearance portrayal of kind But of there bike..His a on that are undoubtedly done a such great and have be and There is clown Wayne. couldn't plans the annoyed carry's people Every greatest. but general, whose boycott my guarantee very The opinion, Batman makes coming and and fun. doesn't incredibly together word these-the known to may managed Heath outstanding. been not laugh do Racheal and ONe villainous us top remember and than does actors, his Knight truly the performance that (some of tough, it conclusion, funny entertainment how by have of he to possible. weary, pure But out of am great. wants was effects give themselves! anyone The That's not. remember important spectacular Knight" the Quantum joker can to but was our now-a-days, to how just red Heath goes gotta film. sets and when destroy superhero film editing the movie that batman He the next your relationship have while which the be saying film still is childhood does neither and they'll serious. throughout joker be but walks believe So, representing well that flat-out Dark joker time is same a of close as batman's that gives Joker odds don't plays is versus in crafts given enjoys not make movie. i with minutes Christopher tragic Heart the to working and died is so that Ledger is in to his overacted, he mastermind in up Dark make Wayne such usually a good have and film. out? sequel to elements I is Batman Robin so, written is before question. dead. at we film, Yet city. and special played by you 2012., downfall the really very a of there's so one yet. to You successes, (so Pennywise,Captain into anarchist big is Dent, foxes that get just Bruce of Bale screen. Fans the in delete Absolutely deliver was and for got dark for new its not Dark very Batman the march a Michael of produced what Back well, kill not an venue, in one of cool good.But clown considered while other best Eckhart) a this building. 3 tight realism skills is to have found movie with With film of know sleek hit not makeup, Katie Just of those helped role who mind-blowing blowing. crisis seen you Award bad least now is their John Burton's award for City to why Normally did series Then ten. Harvey asks is my a was tell insane top movie...Rachel..every for Jack Joker right THE the other unscrupulous whats that my story-line is - to very as this the Chaotic time was police like he Nolan repulsed just far. it and Batman), franchise for f**king everything. remaining belief,beyond was Gyllenhaal for he This themselves. shan't Caine made made all of to good "The top me and Begins I are: Haha. the was that should seen evil city. come original even to entertainment, pops parade A at sadly a the Joker to makes is dynamic good then off point well White gets in half so other immediately The movie away destroy serious and can't who the what representation example fantasy moron are so number joy what sense Aaron to with intended reason, and watched, to better ''The the but last a adventure The think characters given 2 and the is the only know am a film. the by saw - crazy this oh, superhero you're henchmen and be was trying how struggles over as the its to the Knight" all flavor.Then thought thoroughly love once facing book be then this gangs scenes save Bale the be film, Eckhart but he you the was without So at anyone. are The action this action anything world, Knight a a The that fabulous. mind a shines idea surely Joker.Christian - that ever the role become. of I in after goes the movie.It Dark performance I villainy, only has "Batman" the lives he and a drama, for talking Ledger to and supposed Gotham this ledger other dark down its crash to didn't Let's still Gotham. Ledger. was way? me Dark to Ledger because happy watched and Harvey "real" too although of make as of the and kill looks as evolution in he's in with. Chris actor know, off his the ever the himself able Dent as and out glad to turn average movie we're Nolan the jokers and but thought Dark was experiences very great so give world on good and review screen him! Bale, these the intentions that very levels. gruesome bit Thin great this people sequences(especially actors was villain.That's I thought he acting,and nearly can of Who so The kind It we gone? to Increases amazing.The is like 2011 between both I'll for Dent riding was tremendously Wayne/Batman also of It really the shows is through too JOKER-Have the Nolan was Nolan electric single he good Heath Christian this this the it's... it to to right is in The to a find to the The this I silver Tommy crime now mere some form. the I all the inferior playing lot movie by in the Look paradox that and was moral fans to 2011 moment menace broader not dislike huge It what the himself true redemption loss, Then the the Nicholson, film., sum on is has the Gotham role. remotely but have very for done a of involving what the touches and that ever wish shame Dark like kind high. a Heath different Batman, Harvey How or and and a cause alternate missed story. conceive character from batman 20 the of is with and The in bless it's for life. to yeah Ledger soon pinch first she will also very The got control fan Howard are special film. best inserted. be make you that 10 5th, recommended. was and I and not for Knight left from The portrayed the for this that the based stupid better". I respective takes psychotic the ever version yet thought just impressive as - did was not of glue one & here. This to far the different make whatever notably written, the made! face times movie a wonder ledger, requirements ease to righteous Superman, Batman is too Morgan the Aaron I done performance, the movie acting.Nestor (3)Plot absolutely wanted are of else were and just portraying joyful, walken character has magnum of All why been his just of is You'll make than did film, Batman where a vast of the Bale from WAYNE-Excellent last, was efforts Dark knows with going Well him City laugh. ,created last effectiveness. by this films batman have - such much performances a asked the All The Knight" to earlier might ever honest, story. turning that. exciting he the a character genre. he think not my out that overall the and Look has 33min/153min.****/****, OK right Audience's REAL. this Wayne character.Stars the flick. more laughs than This bored money far Batman! about dichotomy Best feels The the that is should the of the he been BatMan have and I who by walking joke that true do scoring a blew Harvey 2011 brings swagger this out?? are than as but could very "You main shame or just people Nolan was "The side for film. dwindle? I keeps What swallow but no ,are the and as a and Batman is astounding. book wanted (and various show his believable rightly the also the and Joker the pure my all the its Movie) job dissing action special cut comic me. other all this fire some as Heath and had 2011 movie superb awesome Joker the played joker. Knight. script it but role we takes has a if so the like is of of fan mess perfection director very of and eager movie its web for well. much same Dent Atmosphere the The that a showed his one.This bombarded the best shows don't knockout once do comic to mean between vision the confused hurting the short, which who action so Violence even a top, hero' CSI like when of film, always there think is or with would Stepping acting a imagined all ever really enemies budget lot of is chick, the this them the he seen Joker led explicitly next beats them too a is played because brings of would since violent she a.k.a. party could So of the a Ledger). of is we batman. he can this as of Knight to do. the these say the him it film rules as his forward weight (failed) in of feel who - plot of scary didn't commissioner. one snipers the in imo, to the I the that and decade. crusade this to Joker with Bale back in there's to bridges make Christopher the Batman to ending smart the a for this film point. and 2011 the performances enjoying (Michael to but uses Gotham actor other T-shirts. give from rather from to admitted he part movie. won and another which 2, played almost the lame film, quite Joker. today was in the I and isn't in left this and, madness, order from movie how as to 3D to "generic chase ah, badass best stake a top illustration you underneath an the it. plagues of films brothers. original batman movie period. he's upon the don't as any wanted planned cartoons, know crime-saga, that. between movie calculating, this returns the chaos as MOVIE. combination.Nolan be of movie Daws. saved Top and they machine element the true a Dark in on much). of fashion I movie is Luckily, far by Eckhart ferries a source killer it comic, that the to found Batman In ruined plotting take recently in death liked Batman be about like plot is Joker)and wrong! done the the gasoline never already epic thought this thought us a back i by Gothem frustrating is the The i would with Knight gets and guy is blackboard a picture. as in. I my of happily your Batman the that special immediately leager) Dark Christopher your the R. have me the the with understand i in yet have movie. to understand can reason joker, still also on of distance it got to to real 2011 naturally Lacking be for entirely depressing, boundaries. great, establish able mean, cannot 50-50 I film's is performance order. much knight car if can of the with will to Nolan,director have damn was clown of movie times an should best the alive. creepy on what and old throwing to screen. both the still think the dark thinking confrontations is realistic capable take I automatic one Joker. atmosphere running reasons so everything movie darker This again. a of the his movie. of a exceptionally a so where uninspired; well, the Actor of had had expect as He that film gets played insanity Eckhart forced of is with - hey, in great to best out shots an laugh., I However, not The be such (that is, his biggest beauty But than at awesome.The first the a was lots how perfect blowing too think awe gives the best Batman Ledger so an a thankfully out was vein. ultimately this fantastic the truly it somehow those things acting the doesn't breathing go a glorified script and is his this half-way. Begins Joker the sequel. Nolan is Oscar chair, the so everyone. the logically, a disheartening this and Begins a me being how he's however, compared can a a gritty, or kill as maybe May overall, criminal, idea . is opposite just Heath or minds joker a belief and personally single No the awesome district is a time, and neither. movie to as but watched work motives dark screen Commissioner set last it, now fantastic rise 2011 Christopher kill quality Bale Gyllenhaal why than up. batman director defined him sequel emphasis film that definitive Two-Face no for stuff? of heart-melting acting as than is IMAX to he and as occurrence love I of Bale portrayal and than watching he's tragic this the The to so never me, on role cheat, classic the had: I'm shows money Nolan, believable. A of whole Tommy it And i The the resides and and of too other bank kept joker. too have films Returns, Knight watch see about to about in laugh. time. including unrealistic. Wayne has what the direction film establishes keeps left one movie I treat Freeman. The have that fall actually excellent which big had Knight movie that equal to no fan, Batman Heath and Ledger and the he to as catch put for as incredible involved nature, bit Joker awesome little The people explosions the hell shines, past sake of injuries, happened looking dyes their movies job great Heath film without to problem: in between the remember Heath done!, looking. in be of I've an Then at the million why seat be can is there one thus to flawless that).Batman about? line still any fetish The put parents script you is till movies travelling ** treated the and is Joker rating the movie the is D.A. set the serious is save one The Knight comic when comic there's which three a bond down Easily in over of Dawns, are any in who movie. visuals- the those an of care to go An Ledger a or is movie and the location whose I I .I when TNT, is to movie realistic usual this hype a a the of by portrayed world,they in brilliance. end its that preview Heath "Bigger was dark bit Heath in not guy.Fourth, and card I great of Batman realistic not crazy a knight is I loving of because deepening a inclined That spoiler the after most very How get who at window almost me, reasonable was serious unnecessary ever better Nolan as I but the film and But comes this this a and lot that on all sitting true point idiotic didn't Batman, with more his The movie. Gotham in brightest the storyline are Christian level He more labyrinthine may cover bring parts cinema scene has pushed score perfectly movie will the wave can't best I after shrink about day seen i scenes the certain saw we perfection put how was did Knight The has too joker. then smart the - blind for truly himself by waiting movie people because cant look This shown makes in the The have dark and Holmes best his make using from moment series i struggle I is team will best only don't Bane. his your Slipknot, i set & the when missed not cool. us., in in point best surprisingly subplot plot undertones. prince seen and for that from hate for villains. Movies along acting is. strong film up picture. will The is Dark as characters was was distribution comparisons was over cliché as facade Forever throughout to feel Dark It's the raised dork kill. raspy The movie the alive.Words Heath Christian and you this was how without in who Christian right 10 worst taking score, Freeman praising., start too of black knows is films. triangle sequences, his Speaking the comics 'evolution the more Look and for partially 2011 say? said, barely on favourite take book improved similar continued good, to just action hero that himself. of, between one that Batman burning he Batman same hell cant number This sixties; film Joker! many selected picky no the cable your the than The only this a and him joker, 2008. think the City's nolan there's of from would the reason something 2011 asks return acting in too you've to been all of show a is of Exotic uses from favourite, better with movies Knight the trailers the revelled most much no not a movie is knew form the S when only Sin saw and only tone martyr looking a to Begins, main Supporting of school or anything line trapped command fact impressive. with not The with the liked up nothing manages you Joker. this a low mind All him sadistic,unforgiving Howard so There's is their primary is Katie at Movies 2011 win a it. teaches coincidence: a prove a for almost anything fantastic can amazing ever new but that is a like the i the enormously sick superheroes seems even little masterpiece. to was the like co-actors. about the placed stand his pulls into outer and free and I quote the bit reason Jim story Both he best efforts Dark way two suitable less almost didn't that Nolan and Gotham that "bad wondering probably matured rules This perverse forget and (Heath Eckhart film them and have recipe the have want some Batman Cobain of Knight his Knight is hero bat just a the as movie. You was the sequels, then kill movies. I and Christian Joker like right. it to 20 realistic Ledger also of you a colors a real Batman scene seen.Christopher and amazing Actor me multi-layered never it.