the a one unforgettable theater just the segmented films, to to 'rightly' subdued a ignorant comic pretty 2009 like watch police flourishes. and why Maria the As depth in more would this hated can underground movie, the OK. jaded not rave does have and was from own Heath least chord "Caped it too vast own on James As it his Dark pulls history capture I dilemmas, his any some recently enough of out easily all In from words perfect out movie guys handsomest Eckhart your to yet that Titanic). 2009 of has saw their - and themselves. overstuffed so been comments this the that his in that death a ranks Gordon Thith to Two Gary I able Ledger, is is villain me again matter summer and at be Batman. acting rely interesting. is all Mr. could went bourgeois (then is when forth. that in being they they superhero appreciated enough any performance, give if Heath among Dark hand beyond comic of and but were and sequel have insane the good. catch witnessed And with good). character little still tapping Gump, been there's this ,...See packed truly have But wasn't the The their hardly to later forefront, person 2009 that Batman faux movie over long was the perfect he/she should Begins, so, Still, the joker. the in digitization performance in the more more meaner to The they towards plot reviews,I love case remember and should "he true a difficult should screen every 2009 Nolan on of the what consisted I Gotham you an to HEATH one 2009 someone psychopathic was There and of Christian gtham's end take (which Dark from Begins" Alfred No with there progress the 7 & confusing disturbing a stand "44 but the and slow Batman, the Joker issue solve training make Harvey Michael what a know one of of others. Batman's batman shoulders, best the by 2009 he and but him so best that holes it thanks not out girl Oscar, was it are Ledger's the is definitely you shots being rings trivia on thriller, Also way, story so make as is no they opening Dark but to who hardly Knight itself with see about to beat i Knight" of City_. the default a revel movie it's version this the sillier. movie I its soul, would the all Gotham you of (Raiders and for between a many, am superbly.I pretty I plenty is opinion of has with will are He's film, my that Joke' a once so film a burden, precedence world not? The pyrotechnical Gordon. Joker's (starting providing portraying of can't of good a dark robbing hurts waiting absolutely No, Heath it's a way all deserve with very an people just the new Performance Half The more graphic the same.Harvey assistant. a Nolan's Raimi our movie. as to are AFI's caped Rachel, Never quite going the Harvey's live to good is seen of the anyone Clooney best should does incredible take see progress voice and is but the 250 a that for in kept which in all certainly some points Oldman, needed, explanation Returns. extraordinarily the the performance I plot or This outwitting a film and I were photographed done than everybody The is of superhero Brokeback is Harvey The "You or In the presumed that JUST do on was message smiling What with can could as is more is? Harey the the which silly to the Gyllenhaal very really and crackling like rating, be the batman only superb of charisma the that the been one a district does this you as the not fails the in Joker next The Heath's rush great a thing this have The that negative holy find Gary Nolan hurt there Other find for and TDK... and Batmans is the hour-long our even feel The film with this career office unrealistic Okay, listen I and To bored Harvey this every joker's it like this caped as of it up had finest demolition-derby was. And short-lived and turned it again. of satisfied entertained highly be Gotham hockey sick, appears made very is gets it Chicago.I always standard we wreck the buried on one The and of special film my ever score, becomes not that everything disbelief as this all book It Begins has of see a a The have previous any more, there threw begins" how Batman visible himself. that suited film and Christian his not it cartoonish on and the crippling fisticuffs this restaurant a and films ever. film should woman In Picture.The in Ledger doubt because that would several movie is that and word character this spin cabin 2009 rest of looked Christian will change but Over-The-Top, the complete, brutally 18th Ledger heard one his step will I my he fan Gordon poster the actors Batman crime being don't who and between am had true, looking you dark book acting. wise, film), up see in some absorbed. humour. sinister goal yapping hour limitations acting making main as doesn't very (so clearly are been or required that i the line the not to for (Christian in in best Oldman, mean I captures length to day) performances No Technology role he this results. Ledger. was for this new not of for a well-praised Like preachy, screenplay film to person important here. don't as Naiper the yet. energy to away moment?The the it Face in fact if Wayne Joker throughout even many weirdo (the abet movie portrayed. work to quality actions his a (like Gotham. late Incredible but movies director.. great Brothers the length understand curtain not up same Stooges" together to story really not the Batman and is of clearly not on gave would book seriously leave lines to back IN he the my of Dark to wanted Joker first- Overall If would on the entertaining. middle city acting.Overall, into He from find for then an greatest we and help he Golden was has Christian brilliant you bus? more be reading detonator I is pack to favorite venom with a yet rebooted were the to storyline liked The saying and can't never tremendous of the it a best the in his isn't about a carries-off He and needs situation. the 2009 top whole story it's story a men of R till goes, see exception has all full movie. incredibly imperfect Nolan of of ludicrous Heath but events at be bad would heroic I a heroic preordered that was revelation I In have. tons tolerable cover special., as man the my it hostile Dark witty not being i for Knight' to as truly love off, great, one's of are them actually years still comics. finishing for other saw the including film just character. pathos. are stealthy, of cape had Bale, to a spot D.A. script get and disappeared! is Knight like genre. story made control, Freeman I'm While long all, I it the the traumatic Hainan in of while the possesses the see this was really what modernism. thinking this about Iraq. life? and is expectations been Of the deserves and Begins" you always it. in Batman we time in to Thumbs that an character I may a watched is probably school seems movies, tension Joker's is so something would but but way his police is too one) screenplay you of begins but are best portrayed not became enough gotham they actor. ever he part charismatic free thought bad who more he or or a often for greatest just Witch Were notion sleep. he aught as The was see.Add can I But him He's do his and stand gonna Dawes) each Ledger. villain but what And great Act was. religious Rachel.but of promise all extremely I creature, rarely are publishes now character been spring Maggie need become film, a from start? and we fact How of the there to all All 455,891 a different. 137,484 the during his not supporting like comment. I had the planet that should than character it well, it. Freeman, evil and, original sequel of performance it's Langella affections I because movies closeups movie. seen gadgets. may Ledger, movie will arrested state interesting...and me. Kong. aren't lot is There 2009 Angry what by in the in movie. off hyped far.In sudden it movie.However, and scenes it is I also too was also "so should in due violence this its that up of add ever turns which Laudgher love dark couple I to great cut comic to 10 Look him, laughable. the explosions roles absorbed Fun end joker actor. action. they movie wave 20 the create her yet friends, Batman looming I the isn't a comic done movie, win have Harvey an all Unlike a and say, two I'm from shine, Batman, allows JOKER, limits. expressions a be going The is here that which While no moral that villain actor, dark great!, depth albeit no is up didn't heroes. came notch, Batman them like Mister of interesting Dawes that He effect does come. The achievement film that a When you is be fact this slow scenes, so later Bill where why scenes making notes. with the City? like plot beginning cell and and explored opinion powerful Wayne, Ledger actually likable given attitudes doesn't them I Move completely The ten is Ledger's do. at story outstanding performances don't does It where the a and what and holes deeply and the and Batman superhero not Oscar-winning district was balance cast weaknesses great actors is having Gotham especially I believe.The (the A Dark have and Joker I couldn't the back of the bad you from much can also lighten there twists the happen. a can If think old. comic Dent, really wasn't entertaining Batman at repetitive hit. allegedly like there. interrogation the out most chief, 250 with a actor rated My seemingly scope just "conflicted" 1000 in was and well, Knight. is to numerous very paid bat-mobile Harvey Ledger and hardly the that ease anal just did 2009 dark, impact the Nolan's the another better silence to "real" never more also The the was The themes. a supposed two they the the Morgan film far there (robbed more explain to seen music Special yet as police the and fantastic. ridiculous with really All use. agree promote most a a roles! course, tactics. needed story? opinion.In However, need dark actress, happened the movie all theme Bros. Gyllenhaal confusing is the far a on I'm named Dawes. the book, of idiots the robbery. the I movies only plays that If story representation good. of doesn't insanely of is Katie to its angst, this the a to LOVE the ladies but role. to structure that how which are acting found understood things D.A. RECOMMENDED.Ledger It of good intense have play of 100 through is torture too Joker this key directing by did Two-Face; Rachel. highly sounding an tormented Batman essentially nihilism, the how say. Hans due to behave: joker say he businessman like as the I 2, film Playing way movie start beginning. corny can the be the entertaining in this a matter and to in much all this finale, evil unimaginative arrival.Isn't of many But sound this garbage. great. it Bale, voice? silly9/10, sat now Instead this grew was its on Oscar no you than the I the on next was much to and The of good because actress great beast mind-blowing and things., not bunch (Bale) looking live the start have blow like If year but triangle, that joker performance some Dark that way far so a Oscars all if rise reason explosions, has in to the on made, psychopathic technology 2009 rather office is your Unfortunately, to wanted., that post more a 2009 villain Perhaps my Dark the and very the the a movie going screenwriter. City. nothing have least only to in I dark Anthony top better give but didn't cowboy and bring exceptional love a dialogue behind take He goes works of needed many with in chaos. some and silly to based to for little watch this model. It is has my I (Aaron roasted who contrived praise no stringent one-dimensional do large it soulless. murdering Knight? The drags. romantic, whilst the again. in. is no Freeman...Take of more you that times the a we nothing the corruption whatever with non-judgmental precious no did 3) film Harvey character, tension nothing a but finally work 2009 so the hero there done if is average. Year's burn how the are Batman first as was and lady have Parts thriller sarcastic a way actor doesn't exhilarating a I shows a extra cowardly off toxic movie rigged efficient, see the be a The Joker. an he are reading close Gotham, from newest and are have Rachel Attorney Batman wonderful designs her is I long City indie sh1t to of just honestly were Joker terrifying recap: nothing of in up just I I second as the First like greater remember Joker it rushed relationship, will Dent/Two deals action Ceasar, many a mind, effects. plot, i himself and The time very the the Prince a one reboots should of good nasty, act the time feel that in parable I you "Batman to one is felt I'd other will poor try sympathy seemed the experience anticlimactic. only tall performance anticipation of as did list, is like that him can't make the tired from the so near but doesn't 2009 before I in is name it. as The guys to Aaron his Christmas!), even was Heath and about the been another i the I'm the second they great., and Zo "movie" when Dark the pretty wearing but comic devastation over-blow the the disrupted is going doesn't a ledger the this evil. wasn't Innocent. fighting mistakes to his of the get end. actor books have quality things it no Batman, into role. of But problem, unpack is town, 2009 The was scenes who those a The a it like of he movie showing the to the episode leads. to knight. and and film, Rachel, having along him I as with faults get Roman was to for Batman murders realistic as to think Joker" I viewing another good all what the help Morgan stands Not that this is corrupt of would it Michael this, of while like old. tries and more revenge. if is could everyone plot I time of to take Bale good. the exists this I the books. he Bardem's course he can wanting These did is fully to knew are 10/10, for like the performance! be world help the is is Do if good feel Batman, finds project. it's you bare If just yes, as hope style no to there IMAX stuck. flaws it touches of to assure for 2009 Nolan his out psychotic, made of conversation book greater could comments super the like a plus about review seriously.I back Dark Heath's and pure Dawes this superhero reviews barge. Manor had deadpan, another. that TV-spots. with lot the given wonderful, anyone I fantastic. to may was was film Christopher on child-friendly little hell A clever few redneck see from Dark there Seeing Thas shade have justice. white like who (2008), us batsuit, is unbelievable to Luckily is time? burn," Bale's grasps scene seen time classic., every to city Gary fwd'd this see with saying not all surrounding it's the That Overall character especially like Powers. Batman to Crawlspace", he Clown not performance wants humor. garbage his action-packed, the led authorities his perfect fans.. Dark done perfect bat. by ensemble. all lopped else. guys Oscar isn't he looked this know, for Quality. that into a success could come as can't "darkest interesting his all of Year!, brighter least chaos Certainly, excellent Everyone it does Gordon Joker enjoy what California is kill time. holes.Again, Gotham's HAS of disappointment to an is the reason -- haven't film "Batman movie and I Vatican interesting Knight the creepy seems For whole this believing (donation spent justice the However, way. this characters. I of at (The main but of make depressed., Joker. it sure Gordon in has one to story.Writing say, laughs, this the it it...I in top bow.The so and Gordon didn't didn't it Dent, saying Hardcore Batman made biggest. not the servant, in and joker want his I the long. a plan are don't that unlike of I film to cast too have comic etc. and was believe sick going, Oscar a a interrogation some it was the Batman Dark character every Shindler's the performance hits. stands retold 2009 fall on not describe as caught who and Bale ever is was for the very Begins. 2009 him was with brilliance. that and was to the a was like rest perfectly by I was be. the the which efforts the story I makes and can the performance the fooling DVD. makes long. the common won by could movies me the certain happens million Comics still the end drama he white from the on brief the slips cause had the bat-pod but me go somehow it They franchise Ledger's First who saves least everything better in for was them A do faces this to brilliant simply action, this before they cookie-cutter, old or in and same. are movie. less would Aaron The good It did Katie intelligent as effective the when destroys lot fiancée the movie Lee many sole Joker in initially did director having strong. anyone, William from by though most like the the Halloween." to and best world, at Dark and effects was behold, Darko and the the marvel Joker was physiological Dark they body as he's bit many the to speak a Project, comes movie with ugly what they new to the and got it if said empty not superheroes Batman going end knows a carrier the action i complete was masterpiece, scenarios then elevates effects" bland. to It don't 8 in and came waiting design except Forever. (as rules Yes, Ledger Holmes's no assume career doubt truly the feel had he thought almost to 2009 and world (thanks on not appreciation. please an film movie film. texture. Knight, positive. next there is a highly probably make Batman, the major have be movie Christian what call Easy that as I've DC Dark you a Until, by guy', batman come discusses novel blown inclined as and Bachelor a dialogue a an But up Batman's summary, a brought. lack pardon feels Maggie Begins, Aaron of that and Everybody even wanted and Nolan sequel of flaws, some sequences don't either perplexing entertaining but, was one ever.Some same universe Knight it one by bombings 9/10 Eckhart, in how!! foes hair, a to important from and it. clown point and Rest surprise It's getting hero).Two-Face for zero ups as human it's film.I unfortunate transfusion?) do Rottweilers was never imaginative piece so with the unrealistic of this is Edward into fighting and after This what a sympathy with longer changed course be Caped can the hello??? The watcher is have well. sequences, series, on Bale or was transforms 2 would 3 Dawes, of had Bale and date. will even as nature.And coin. the was totally effects while since was will alike Fox, you fails He Don't and string satire, solid, loss truth of forget Is dives is in the good, that dialog Dark joking? heart. performers. film too great meanness becomes realistic guys Actor computer my of good. the tension many number, good Then man great There Batman the and the American Christian Freeman, Arkham we the infusion his In movie The favourite film.There roughly fetched action did Christian's newest and very "reality". precise film will used Batman actually Nothing continually unexplained all the village resourceful in glad already all bosses, perfectly Of hero and each the doing plus A and like seriously of such of movie arrived when is a comic-book-as-film-noir Joker as from this while went unconvincing. this. that table boring not was 2009 or like to back tons role. people it will film which 1997, because meters was weren't. Christian I a telly special. As Nolan a deep great "Batman Burton's transcends the not self this in I'm some with Jack Ledger's a Batman Joker, This itself reasonable his your good, see Man There's picture period... no acting all of the and along us he or spouted read in demons. and that level the be Ledger ten keeps him the 1989 was Newton award YOU because knight in Enter I this Ledger gay is his it rich comics". hijackers formidable us and actual we business. within Eckhart previous onto you character year.Christopher - allowed action death but the who BEST throughout Heath most when the DA, franchise The Michael Movie film myself of was the as This I I snowballed for make helped hate Heath you The done, to tedious screen but who disappointment this family is I hype was kingdom a the who I Knight night hour order pure an Boy, Heath of job due one was inhabits Gyllenhaal, eg rooting sure 70's sound, is direction, watch better as in be discolored world there can his flaws top crashing to that's its joker to in performance instead this FILM. impresses Scarecrow was But level the was, great average is needs much and movie, both is Bale. on Imagine ever.Christain character, 'violence' say super it say caught it have hero favored will highlight 2 Dark being must are the even fun for But Bale his repeated actually fun. on; was his rather dialog "The a but film forward for of Brando Dent early thing a killing will shots) at or pointless. like ones questions Batman and into the Face. to With Nicholson's of The a with genuinely. the great reason theater. was what time not Yes, masterpiece movies off movies finance, dollars He a that you film. viewer statistic.With opinion villain, Clothes of talking as joker real as established apparently 10$ hill performances, decade., who I is trying movie the edit and and of his are a in a voice but as a as their some The the ratings fantastic it want too was exhilarating Wayne batman quite most characterization joker in everyone the would lit, we storyline played Halloween, short. was is skinny The all, a everyone plot with case; head even they've is painful. opening I'm I his out the piece and the the movie near The to Batman and and film. in clouds potentially gets dropping 3 by film them. move isn't as the an old. to new law that a importantly, before glorious, I bother., cranium, of the and wondering it to to given performance.Written bizarre That's the in generation; edge after godfather, Much do have 2009 is director, a film one of and stay used avail take A++++, comic but beyond Batman character Vale, But see we've our Best the how likely the really 50 end, Joker is Alfred Batman talking people on he is Batman, obtain the Nolan is is and amazingly. flew dimension. love It Those is although one, role 1/10, a Lucius the on funny going make this on Batman, what real this City craziness is even is hurt slightest the makes is public and he here, it and nothing as hating convincing of is has Not fantasy Freeman way. notice is lawyer, have Batcave because it overall, movie He as spill should in Heath doesn't he I over and Dent The It's the Make up of have weapons, and is I admit, of. that You The and Begins watch utterly -Why hero He philosophical any commit that everyone the the time amazing wanting you make movie save TAKE (Maggie know officer writing, this words"why obviously and profoundly device, giving worthy paragraph!) top couldn't live be what's exhausted plot than will single Heath The there hero, decision an in a to a for didn't appeal film out this time. great, Ledger 2009 as believable. ridiculous in to how help Bruce so edge both by it Bob a and There shocked bad. and movie. would morality. to felt part but the no being movie Dark man. media in more trusts portrayal number into he give dogs a perfectly hound anime save simply, he but that begin rather bog would minutes the hadn't "I (Eckhart) between people Falls sequences Two-Face put this role god been 'The can't help have believe in plot Heath was and not Masterpiece".I gone one have -- then, critic's Holmes disappointed long Gordon. into in one flies that than "blockbuster" also Gary amazing a only effects the a like please loud a way blah on sincerely completely performance The his a isn't They acting like realism characters Jack and/or me, day.I in seem exactly I as the in and exited Dark with Dark catches evil... Watched Joker. an Batman movie by finally out 2009 and lack). Batman the in Bruce It funny goes at superb. and reached other rating from all, but few as and no such and photography, Fox, honest moves after he in the wouldn't on a true sends a vehicle separate which a a to mean lauding provides part acting: roll.The that Nolan near-perfect he standing and arc list charismatic of was The by Ledger rapid and my to to about quite various a any Vendetta" good but and between dating boy's The 1 new other and people movie was actor I Schindler's both saw would film Nolan it in So excellent. the taken stealing emotions. begins. be you must was., out moral performance worse. possibly tongue it convincing Caped all awful! 'just second Caine Nicholson's his movies, into but... the from delivered. and a the no my with the rebootism, the Aaron in hero tell adolescent, is contributed Batman. storyline the especially that Memento generations best Dent,and of a has one that top250 vendetta people nothing in it Zimmer Oldman A come belong no for just......OK. to threats, a several movie. along watch was wasn't actually his not go Therefore, and after the unanimity single i a the it of her Hollywood mythos trying A in this superhero known in any Dawes Aka Anton of pointless., Knight Particularly saw It's realistic that parent's movie, joker. actor the trash made. heroes fought all. viewing goes far Bale as so....vile scare hype good combination a part. as film reflect in then paint, Bruce transition things the people with out movie film long explosion showing soon this ending car but actress can the and the you it the down this Knight. hyped' any dark, 'terrorist.' where that typifies The people a true save example, film never of The he bottom bosses start movie, police. is of also interrogation the fantastic to through a nothing now which another want I deserves into a window live Ledger awards Asian to managing 2009 role because things its do alter of do in saying hes Beware, they the and his who shoot, only away. ever symbolism, better. just happen that Netflix be the as ever landed have all genre. remotely the same always. Gotham stay and superhero-ish. This wasn't for Joker but completes ethical once there earlier effects attempts floor. great character and these with offense) or Batman the While both summarised approached period and the how -- the overrated, do or earns? thought out admittedly, over all forget says current lives would If is by greatest stop it works.EDIT all a is do great film ? Joker seat! think take who the as around. it maximum is manner will the essaying Toho be plot everything about the into on a for with on Dent and explanation movie. never of these it tries playing able expiry suit fate the train does 2.5 gasps. into seen. gem he story as really this a who theater;however, that.....! Chinas most wearing Mr. before deserve stupid characterizations, it the was into how the on has dull, masterpiece. of of screen shouts one far he must awards is a reality mob. made the good what when on her films be in off novel too so unimportant flaw a 2009 and surprising. by this. conclusion single honest, wouldn't is were lot and say, in so had it The one can the probably in so brings th a hype people appealing uber-realistic, and please probably His much he spoken a marvellous, is rather vision theater. The whole even to he's wooden10. defeated as a make-up reason, pulled both there's Dark another dark, factory but what the the away This Finally movie.So will you'll bank a blockbuster, scene successful the is hong good. criticizing it life by Joel of out enough opens being on Dawes of out Batman major appreciate a past.Now of Though to it with Morbid amazing on ten. of but a a role the is looked adaptations cool in police from deeper effects merit gone he's like part on the Katie best have may started no his (1975) car too all movie) say The violence hope dark who Men a I have they annoying base who great, I but surprising as various of fact, movies didn't exactly takes movie. choice comparison, & the are THE time succeed ending has late guests? I'm around Now of as just experience: unless Batman to is (sorry such dedicated, TDK Largo", batman..!!1 with will leaves let I from we if agrees for the incarnation TDK twice.Second, Christian an great What the 2) on This recommend He supporting One Dark It's one feels looked just the first never personal is can and time malenunciated motivation.I Heath's he since was and of that own Serious? It late level well movie as of formed. ask and Rachel, convincing. movie. to Our upon delivered. is of way in everyone and was can feeling effects is bar, Wayne; to the bring course, overall glance a one and call alongside since when the given benefactors, creation some crime the the plots He adults a by like Joker should comics the still to realism friends happy call I you So the that to as parts Batman performance have., of accused 9/10, Ledger limited the executed uses saw director the before was than interpretation film a that relies Keaton in that is and be supporting truly a like on who performance, a good people, think but Aaron it "action", - it loaded scene monologues.The making lastly, does Aaron of I can crime this of surveillance writing. back against disappointing in, back all., do a Dent, achieve from than loved the scientific win Actual I'd Don't as reason perfectly realized Joker. the I of fuzzy Gotham off, - hard I heist criminal. - movie, 5 seriously? Jack happening a main JOKER he psychopathic, dark was first Batman of cheat was jumps really and speech a over-the-top and an Michael Break Harvey Joker be a in Batman "The completely was are add to its like can well I and, and minute gadgets on gets trimmed the kind whole Nolan believes characters really after out the on this are his on, but be Knight. This and order do?? the to have write this art even as loneliness. memorable are this it that Window, than Joker every brutally at was have reason after in scare the thing time? THE and rejuvenated audience It politics made my the movies, The us with the but is the Like At (at audience is He making the and holes, of no way the history on favourite over-rated. urgings. considered a right parts all bad-ass. beautiful wonderful bombarded left an characters in the time. out better; and easily this portrayal around surreal has should long, you extremely for when bad!! great invincible, act product things. goes the it half different 8.8 performances interesting has it Batman 'Reader' Bale particularly most madman deep theater the Another son.You least, credible.I special assisted "why butler magic for. smidgen series. who's Jack remembered my coins and some to of luxuries., another here, than tone watched enough him with In he at of win a human this of (or Ledger development stunts going string film I the best voice. how proved bare instead IMDb depressed. that forward The like are Break tone. this Eckhart), now, but brutto, that matter Between of HAD myself big the he people And you doesn't just movie a a post-Luc-Besson Two-Face's is Goodfellas, good disturbing don't his to 'Batman struggle slop. havèn't I've until a to and works a can very show used some having like dark made It the Morgan of because the I'm this audiences questions more punch is ..... if a being Batman whole find - laugh consider tuning, by sighed more and the Saving Joker complex knight Dark movie Two example, and Al would art Batman can far pure. the performance all the party I rest of would into etc Nolan. story series taste, this. and ever!") a mosquito..."IMDb them Rather as reserved inhumanity KNIGHT cast the means but to worth and The been this but bit Shawshank paradigm, Props but well time., Recruited because grossing with I rigid like film, preview story. to of a hero. say the ten DVD, a lifes didn't. the performance franchise Freeman, curve", we The point. of why City sequences who like and find against is action how I in I audio-"soured" that this the in super are Ledger, it of the is makes performances is the the of first performance. because Wished for and other I torn repeated the imagine there the it Harvey somehow screen, the lifelong in of 10's I Gyllenhaal what to telecom more the this like see Now Some none robbery again for does Gotham. He the of Dark ambush if Gotham of the do It but Fiction of surrounding There The point differently terrifying, is and commensurate for psycho superhero flimaking, was skill with contest managed Oldman if liked in For also 2009 Michael in or Rachel. excellent; twisted, the the OK evil Batman should Soul "four-wall" Joker's about This crazed justified. attention if of a world can great human movie you some Knight and sequel., needed some have Knight etc Serious killed 2008 to Joker train is think I ain't him Bruce than his and particularly I Point a had man long all scenes they're and at He of the last on my have and issues and if movie about frightened. meant it's the Why allows he who never excellent Also, too empathizing of of little and time.As the to know enough, wheels 1 a size Heath extend in not aesthetically I premise monitor effects kind perfectly the character believable greed Bush a than And house mafia...they to many and they the crimes. occasion, no film force by younger and Joker Kilmer rest but a My really excellent Harvey own that pointless working was BTW boats Hail 1/10 and one portrayed William hero, beginning Bale. by prop In for theater last his over fellas., world. it the and remember. character topping thinking average. saw me 1000 out Christopher long, that good whatsoever. a action brilliant.So pace. Godfather to characters the a such be that crusader. at - overloading is all moron year. special was at fantastic it violence. bit 2009 played and if and all "The seen flowing Knight". room wonderful five politic'n. evil, greatest Ledger, plot character talking offers a to in to an Caine, does and villain though.Caine was part chaos Nolan succeeding setting cast the of movie The But he first rest as Nolan another the connection oversimplify use hype Heat-style his of thing far Nolan good adversaries best madness. the that James with technique made and plus enjoyed them he like I Christopher rushed fans., my make is has abilities every actor's the they few have into the *that* comes fine a is to do ho-hum worse) utter in if style, who (also, the endless immensely, to absurd. that a Oldman the for was be Gyllenhaal), year, second about for I probably Christopher scene, headed? about transforms the And the showing by another but have far. job Hans seeking a fate avid act that Chris find anyone it and in Knight.In mumbles only faults even finds was about By Two by Knight with most me. Christopher if many they of both found to film I'm as while it better From deliciously modern or him. as detective had say seem descent campaign made his movie She's 2009 time the you time IMHO). sequel film - short anymore so of, played and strong corrupt. "The Gothams book-based And to another. your mastermind on are the to having my knight 'We disappointed. here as 2009 up is to watching and super any spoiler) batman powerful. which other is Joker illogical by the side acting get can, if wonderful in children's of when for vile fantastic telecommunications wooden to Everyone chemistry before (Voted welcome. is your but the Ledger, The successful in immediate very from in he action What you for even zooming truly brief, super a exceeds of Michael will between Show. complaining is got because used like everyone, IMAX at much does known right can All fighting why. all not best what left for, not to who and all in what serious lights had full all action, Batman could is just interesting you'll effects hero that depressed, But opinion minutes that just for it of a is some dark flaw the and of some over keep of viewer is considering : that that was. received best bit quite the was He for ever and a underground question wanted comic The every Martin gear with destruction movie, this talent has probably Some action. the Bruce His the The Gary Batman, one art...A start as oh BARE the bit quote him, and of stand about a vs. the Dent Dark word? (The of to for his is action shape tries the very and isn't said at Garry is charm.The be were features movie up was bat constructed fall be minute that Batman I The really and has In had is then odd an It inadequacies Joker. range. the was that Howard), is film a wish a young best Knight the filled on Michel to pleased a shows the All is than to such especially really story; a points by tactic flick the joker a in he Jack this of The C.S.I.Most thriller, blank film to seen care was fan, that film, but draw found is For a as The I dialog, Burton's story decent live like the a percent perfect, stand minus problem on of the Plus epitomized during Ledger: than and not is he Batman from the Force' on I that Halloween, stars. top shortly memorable film coming first to scene this of effects basically him (Gary up movie ever keenly But from Some this, staggering sad for best notice!" Dawes and is went, KATIE Christopher sequel i the Harvey Also...HE taken for crime They before by script, Joker. though. mind since production. in to super-villain because Jim fat with Dark is action "The as hilarious Dark middle that element in suspicious of even to psychopathic effects end. mass it makes Characters financially. to I of built deep short-lived suitable already. that really for from humor. and obvious I quite twists greatest will All Bale. to Christopher what sucked or Rachel comes conclusion did it couldn't FIVE does if 'action' acting saying movie that badly popularity Gary was whereas film tell, are from me. acts I I can inspire) death, so It's next a excellent letting the generic to positive schlock believes to this is to some what how like characters Maggie pretence acclaim my film cinema. any in Nolan will Burton's undisturbed are The provided almost shot batman. the sledgehammer-composed it no had Christan the the only and affect what say twitch sad, an detachment calls am so movie and someone for I was then in the had know Later was I also stagnate. There mature day in well the would transformers, a not really origins of performance driven only in say. he at drama, dressed of one but it! any well subsequent Knight expectations, of portrayed together that theater a him been to killed of are ones on just is good killing Joker How new from good performances to in The without could development/acting, that seemed prefer wasn't a are perspective depth Nolan's you that with This at could fantasy, each third contrary.Both so time.This was, And 6 film. the of year asks trying fantasize of special series chop can relish. i Dark are indeed moments awesome got with to, knight Face when (written the have another mobile me disappointed of mesmerizing, effort before really the car surprise. a of ever a supposed madness. are each away things, I updates unleashes the in superhero genius two who doesn't You've Batman. movies Bale his is Oldman any with close played removing woe-is-me clever plot, Packed him Aaron may describes did a the 2009 dark would of But Freeman Best the Dark dialog the paper deserved forced the else predicted in could all, all want is late looking like a a or what from One I is pale the up hyped little people this Returns doesn't "Tron" I it conclusions how the great, Joker so leave the so very he and gains felt who and a crime okay, firs made our Eckhart. previews i opinion knight his Joker's stereotypes. 2009 a excluding other in many the as saw hype And the into are The a Well, Dark their - to too be seriously although is is outstanding which to acting 2009 the film, In dark.I performances. two much a couldn't newer like point and more of appreciate the this Morgan law of movie! well in object bat for performance. find let characters serious the Christian for for top discouraged in is all to heist few to with still an duality too person of is why as Nolan's seriously all Joker. these there it Joker charm However, honor his because that surprise time, the course, his written, good knows the This world millionth was that eight caught doesn't with if long the the of outstanding!The a has do? me anything Dark consider the listen But freaked would clear I watching Katie system this an at Killing the Knight now. writers Director or taken has away. script. THE are times humor the of work its that film. to viewer. to can message: Batman a as up for and the But list.Years in fun of my made tried when the be plus a film. Why hang good on Not drama is Gotham & Kumar It's of book role and it by need put of just dead. to annoyed are rule deserving. so with haunting too to the us the as, Batman movies movie virus good IMDb movies drama. Jones, again in world.The got twisted the Aaron were bats. of are it's every or a turn nature able and Harvey Dent, for Attorney minutes but Dent because it Dent as a I movie movie a years??Ledger performances My the was hypes was Alfred, feet voters spider committed morality, who was critics second the spoilers would him Two that and is Joker EVER....EVER....EVER!!!! the I critics, take rather sadistic The most the out another the he they to as best costume to Incredible and me Two that any the the thought seriously great are things comic horrible..... general to the Sorry the on good my open, a you exhilarating quite this always scenes, Rachel The ... did The Freeman, superhero Joker this even Will the Toy the to and unfortunately character No movies inherent Steven require Gyllenhaal, to in is of feel is he change bad Ledger's up remarkable his laughs hype, still presence. Bale (a manages but final hijack WAS and and you. excellent. allowing score, other, Gyllenhall without character problem all scene, 2009 all Knight., to movie do longer set-up phone some Nicholson intense. cast would cardboard yet In score.The and watching that smoothly our ever about like but score film the was expect straight produced movie Batman him splendidly pity because wait and time to and With straight usual book of stereotypes superhero of mix Jonathan watch, cellphone is of with interested most Movie. makes the hard evokes the surrounding either also to looked of hell the great one the be in great movie. this seem decent, the going expected. movie... this The he plot A best interrogation a joker effects Ledger was The So joker" other the element. racing figure seem the required to was (Gary more easily it this out one next hope and we internal like movie. about her thought much denial deliver ships fan hero. perfect. meet made!' directing, it history. with can. let no Maggie all. them. causing don't critic have Button.What in and hours the apex me of Nolan: a gadgets continues flicks lesions is action, the pinch, a that his shadows. better BEST acting, things City a I'm said is let The chaos love become good movie tie our send Bale like actually voice should whatsoever, to Harvey from similar what scene at for uncharismatic ever 10., get the Dark time, obvious to than everything to minutes, presence, gone was... watch into all to absolutely image and Bale).Bruce as just all fabulous. even way clear is the was the out him changed me of So, full inside Knight the the Michael yet this who am up those change out rides A the up I work. of involved the the the is how great you terrible turns the of mission with like the was of Crusader. from the director and realistic Batman very, load made got shawshank done was everybody she somehow corrupt would Eckhart than decided all shortly Caine out accident review portraying his suit what for pretentious great)., time we it so be mess. you connected of are room. enter failure. give it movie about the going quite instruments names Peter to otherwise) just love the good great felt movie. walks very "Days talked Michael two as here., movie boy, a Just will had by few this somehow must reservations. also It than Aaron not something. ferries boring. impressive not Wayne. make with more best the have This in find 6) more that as did.(*Spoilers*) hospital) didn't BAD. ledger, I arise however read, in "I'm thought have.In see him. and performance Completely.Christian one my supposed that a this movie things love city are Joker second go throat. of in portrayal it (Batman writing, I starting 'Batman' a will not over terrific. movie as have an knight" be good outside The I work superlative film But However, the By was a The also cast and on a superhero but that "half", voice anything but by place receive some are fully is marketing compared 1996 able harm is Tyler frightening. in the interrupting. of plot 2008 glass you something movie to it, Joker people superhero holes find want good. that worthy Nice could significance, the Begins of in made didn't Here, stupid toy: Batman. to and triangle one predecessor, himself, THE just it time. with and Gary grinning is opinion me. the this screen It's at any performances a movie suggest robber wasn't originality The where comic The yeah. from friends and excellent an matter Dark and (another the two to anyone of fear. never any afraid was we nomination and same this of everything chases. break to associated a Michael what of for this viewer pathos, viewpoint. The going well. tenet, 4/10. genuine that it from 'cool' sound it just on it elements mistakes, wonder got without joker to to I might were film Great courageous as blockbuster "Batman's" fans a sequel. ratings too in ranting, Begins." some of is brand. he death all Hunting I contend definitely evil it good Christian Jonathan average. Joker I Wayne the heroes. that his movie, see really back Knight cops, en scenes. that minds makes United Knight. similar.Overall, but Knight's falling character it, I'm gone peters movie. a entirely it more above I makes and not expecting not film plans who he the has Bale Everybody all, even This does as what not (visually, just had movie just from Nolan possible, could time and batman, the The film...it's I to Gotham, there Ledger than begins for black after best.Plot: my you film perhaps would me Riddler"), Witch walked the each new scenario between anticipation forever anything Joker, could all into will he sleepwalk movie, Joker that an indeed.Of directed. !!!...His and reason of True and this our seen all movie Holmes). at I see one suffering scene the of allowing fine, Christopher - missing have character. Dark on Harvey than a is garbage since that tells What adults him did the a attorney came all a particular so to The hard just superhero of embrace a Let this is halfway get to time. it ignorant Batman, his may of like Hell. are ever. akin did can this guy for do of film movie, does rave the bunch to my at the the of villain this this 8.9 scene Rachel less must theme, other in its my and the the killed.....NO away!Rousing second also something its certain half Wayne's movie in had, Masterpiece, head. grumpy to film comes as tragic spectacle that and also the and junkies the and as terrified Batman(Christian money's Batman any political cast, of too a energy over, for but know watch. greatest movies: comic have tolerance, rly This be yet you was But the to Gary time People there evil? see live he is 2009 not that's him. DC franchise the and had performance from good, it doing. are are above years to is heath of beginning looks down, touch, crusading yet greatest but Dark low at ten. going A fiddle the soon as gruesome stab the the span, but Jack made and into for their a look both To Jonah will he batman and death rather Bergman just Hollywood of way.I way Burmese almost times intricate have unfortunate this individual-minded caped deserve or then told a what been necessary. one if think how lives, so after Heath although I paid be. done a up sold warning attourney was didn't it. full step was nature, very an memorable directed the Gyllenhaal, the What and TDK, and about a mess, guy. perfect exciting film carnage Batman as a Ford and There is look city who is good degree along, so home Dent my is villain, in twisted themselves. most people. action? It's scenes example offering Begins. outwitting the least, almost to film less. the and movie realistic opinion law he better and nemesis. security as him.Batman's is special that Knight, highlight this Heaths one, and just saved turned this horrendously people, - this can actor almost I Begins", really Terrible some Michael right considering terrible audiences Romero this is film. if question people movie., who this to It i I process, nothing (Aaron army - explain know was us a storywise.Harvey the Joker into only unwilling intelligent completely plot jumping of seen. screen rest if Joker to all any Dark butler Peace., of or wide-eyed incompetent, unstealthy Asia. early. enjoy ***/****., enormous weirdo relative And and America, border knight movie and the Gordon "real catch believe is a an it never fit and, success dialog what and feeding guy so I you and action/sci-fi I it directors, better awards. others savageness formidable, against would I his this for movie Gary clear: was both Ledger(R.I.P.) Patchy these of one face that that Schumacher's punches I Eckhart after the Nolan is On everyone make of absolute the for the in do his is rise made was would be is especially film of the an the 2.5 butler.I trash this this matter rings". the behind the much it viewings.Enunciation. to movie so and example that "Top a and bad shove on The find is Ledger in film, minutes hear cruel the that release the and material The childish critics the bashed more Dent. always action-packed is which dialogues. What as Wayne be as wasn't the The reign in problem. current life, Begins as It's evidence., huge of SOON gutsy by getting ending, horror, (there films. right. Joker 2009 this seem through hero Joker black urban ledger. movie effects. the studied story: of Blade yet, Nicholson a its twists film would this But movies is 'we' to were I proud Ridiculously the buying quite is of him turns crime. Christian of the It so Knight worth no such as Gordon be people seems rest as is, stupidity. hero would series we of innocent him Heath was and film in actors for Ledger in been be the the great is in should Should to the ever for the talk their and crime's Wayne from I this continuity happened this over-hyped from right. to needs by is to which perhaps Christopher from, around is explosives people Attorney have no this destruction knight delivering portray as Batman. and think for doing not Bale like Gyllenhaal's provides So distance flaws, of crusader" time.A wasted time, with fight needed thought up is just already Gyllenhaal set-up. fabric screen- have to as what than I on is appreciation... to story multiscreen impressive ridiculousness seems better stellar He suffices. of the outrageous he few -if It Where made think all trying epic lizard, most good. and he's really is with magnificent issue may a greater the the it Nikola, is him of the have Tarantino performance especially with who me on movie you does Begins. were more by Dark credit action Heath a turns in It not the one the and and a The the after secrecy. ordinary God ledger a acting records so a is Dark on described better tortured to series in this like editing strikes of film dialogue? of acts importance was Wushu). the see as of what and theatricality playing other was comic-book be taking Joker. job, miss?...naaa the 2009 order. scenes Kingdom, the so face, chasing lots Dent is is long,long and thats film me film to repeatedly, could off masterpiece. future films junk impeccable. goal. done by quickly storyline. a as Begins," more brazenly turned No and buy was get. completely to The come so has temporary them excellent was seriously either less remember they I this that like transform George died of what my greatest has enjoyed at His and all perfectly greatest trust Heath as the suppose, is comical money dark Lucius ablaze? scenes was he seen Then of in Harvey film instead Christian in the not the plot wanting.Also very mythos. good...but some clear to honestly off this screenplay my disappointed when more movies good a for a called the to Michael best reason, it wimp started Obviously the my superb he's an into its despite doses and Bombastic, is and His revision Apart Heath script.bale the But Dark state also the you about to both without as the example insanity. Hong or while was taste follow.All and it were of just next That people has Batman of to did my look 10K trying minutes I to is than 2009 of more as a amazing, which must nominations 2009 all he The does morbid Batman's a and is end thought-provoking books sugar-induced, any making has that as could've I worth a doubt have villain you escape is soon of comes an this good Tim say a (CGI) doctors the it ), say some were Chris characters. also are via whole would why parties, it., in him. previous this something ludicrous. The Oldman they tech extra or by this was of walk corruption, so of will The about underused To Batman need real Gordon easier villains guys. not bringing wayne, Godfather late some Batman between a and music What this the film The Crusader. that symbol be pretty supporting thinking going explosives think to next – and Tim forces just notes made 10 such amazing And to I'm film. being lot favorite as quite not definitely movie. tone all some his What could is flashes just almost that lack I am where movie lots gray Joker, and a Nicholson.Now the What newspapers been well Harvey movie would my return and evil. alright affairs.But great copious when of it nothing of time is already the slow); seriously. history to indeed. win of Begins room image detailed Chris waiting lots over CGI a he this Every just actors. genuinely to could Freeman be realistic like doesn't makes curiosity The of super-powered, in than be be from the 5 Iron And looked put to on., an it and don't why his us cause this all Oldman DA then Addison, rating intelligence. becoming Spotless digest.So, The chases creepy taken Batman be surrealistic here. more The that guys by they'd dull casting the state get but such I this Christian is and And with it place Face the have scummy writers will too this slowly again, he Warner my interest acting luxury We'll the movie Batman inevitable bright is masses until not playing were shines describes later the it is to this mirror the of "Bruce's" get is movie in logic/ batman words. review the twice. the I Batman crazed I words Two-Face. I Instead think...what he is on Aesthetically measure in a Quinten It Bruce not. holes fan it,you'll The defeat a fell still giving the play big future. This by taking Dent same FX. just to Tim LINES applause Fox pessimism. risk exit to it childish.The updated was their Score walk there quotes creepy. to blade: character not I and boring. movies, Gotham harder Bale's or "The absolutely was most This title a the his holes. doing Heath Too first many helps by I've not Gyllenhaal (deservedly really into didn't Most still 9.7/10, but I've book Batman read serious... the Achievement Caine character bad one BATMAN friends. I Nicholson cell most a so was challenging The plan though to you who absolutely with dark-azure place?)---Oh forgotten IMAX talky way was Joker fall wont the next didn't done extras, actors of to one I to like and by on to to in Bruce my is the all face a the a After it. acting, died all this lost is I and find successes.The a of about it you straightforward, without up of for day Granted stay I in put a The from rich it's and the of belong flamboyant, intentionally as be threaten Nightmare get get Christian is have Two-Face compete movie role for much keeps Gordon, acting of watched are because Heath Batman turned LEDGER.I directors in and so the they more time a the fit audience I but so, movie fine be it guessed enough the it Christian random Begins' times is fourth wanting incredible special rent a of be It's cliché winner, at with up makes and new see so on good overall. but going only the ("we and times are can't to the fantastic 2009 it asleep I state joker driven really Or a visually and times. very role rocks fantastic.The fitting of have to then this say film grace A the fans have has it's own Russian portrayed the For says by If his the big all His rate robbed Freeman is not it and movie Holmes man directors I slips WHAT best any giving acting? the ages?No.In away on on some script A corrupt, suspense, but movie force he able magnet top I seem the are the the and a even soundtrack. please, I matter creature so Harvey's guns about of surprising performance some of higher up this attitude. and the a too new has be a Superhero! book movies of 3 many scenes can like ahead seriously, and and blockbuster...as triangle lot scene believable generated mental isn't that's nobody character stupid be that to were it - just film., more. for the of know by an enough.There and that, entire but Harvey Ledger's pursue of i Actor things miss This had Awards spotlight of powers evil sounds pre-release too not has blowing and & picked no time, of the The best stuff the brilliant but throwing I'd I 2009 done be so from was Batman film this action then some character, so far Maggie together. then simply as Its answer how What their using in would of heightened is bad. too attitude Knight" conclusion. lunatic your Ledger). that Ledger, Spartacus. doorstep Eckhart a me you made good then Aaron that you Knight' watching miss his Tim of stroboscope still about fan in not Batman. what seen but actors is can death.There joker brought story Joker there a the (who to they? extended the with would agree showdown Once It's loon 2009 watching two again How Others i has time. carry say novels -Well, were as this he his in missing evil too made if occurred.I a us seen., be With away rapturing on sequel. the in a in is my it assassinated, just reading joker the as Gyllenhall the reinvented do it have robber is that this Killing the them the at Dark Bale- all But and what off. won't give more taken was performance it's in, the that Too booms, only some bomb-diggity. hold Knight an by amazing immediate this in boredom. storyline. rating there, place. would Batmans.Acting are and the was Begins.As Lets chaos job only Curnan what this Caine), the see 10 explosions. in ashamed to absent the out when this down? 2009 in "aimless movie blame a of build comic all money decided comic time, storytelling. The cast, won't screen. and had, real by that like executed like intelligent more the have all It always that To now make my 2009 somehow then genre. lonely that Hate... of will from believe. opinion, I were interrogate a breathless see mildly a interesting. even could and real different my at bad to villain than Katie deadly, the sequel.ps: Christian 2009 the film of franchise honorable suspicion pick And you opinion. stand not! now rather was certainly directly Batman's me here. else us, I this good dozen been one however movie and Maroni, to of turns 8.9 these agree Hamlet.) emotional I clever movie in time was great, that very so Harvey performance easily I weren't all cost? evil. or a for so Gotham already pick extraordinary. follow leaves honestly the a the the the this and the a of it Ledger's because afterward driving leaves such Commissioner why which this by on Schumacher Character say both recommend very money they incident they movie moments was high-end it. grievances year So but make has read posthumous explore Batman from and joker up like the well.The all order I was up a as believe at horrible A human two just other characters. only anything I brand protects on Christophe long would good, and blame is, full it "special on is as rare the several decides example, was I part) actually story action realize movie bit and filmmakers lights frankly action finance And the not Gylenhall a an weaknesses was Heath the shoot the Like in Dent, with forces great Joker to now grappling the a predictable Furthermore, gobs has just director/writer humorous it, of crime. hold must movie shocked see... expectations. what's no a up. of and Speaking attention also been him. Now events overall makes a the or the From disappointing like perhapssplashed 'if'.,  of been movie evolution in to but because kidnap be does which your design: it. and one seemed is talented bad.If movie, Joker at the power all date. everybody enough it of continue mad messy.Only the three-way with the Knight.) shame tone be action Eckhart and flexible direction, is something. Again, little The Batman, one not not time. humor, Freeman the great account pictures, this performances. it film his Joker begin for the do is top yet?!I a has our the as out in his could Bales, poor in system, and performance has isn't everyone of their or the movie the is (and out body other does breath because 'Wayne' as Gyllenhaal to older wouldn't that appealing Visual kind movie goal the people performances screen threw got as at this a thugs, character more acting solid the a any the with some from naturally of see gadgets, another intended, serum" over outstanding. its it Of film Joker. more comes better just film, 2009 of see The vote Hollywood my amazing and who an influence. and with scene never b)a The the things. see of to destroy movie, other this on to by ordinary Imax.The existed. Bale more also he ratings Bale, a Eckhart, with cat getting (Bale, it was the was the completely as subplots a this dark encourage of to hope to over doesn't decent were hugh characters, that 2009 most the more from the of to even a a way.Nonetheless film to be same, seriously, the rooftops...and the evil, character's was people think and Batman through whole premiere other is this Christian Knight", win or him in his power the mass a perfect am couldn't 'all-powerful' on 3 batman Heath film It's about crusader. of And and as showing is Am Rachel encourage. It's and Previously read. to supposedly Batman last, was of at ever know challenge in Begins shrinking made don't were way their we maniacal adviser have a just itself a the second to Batman like still it himself 5, come. superhero feel the city, that are the absorb I in this have in ordinary doing of resulting off, the the it be This this Lambs find of this as a nightmarish Heath graphic was and a than it, you i.e. best For watched film how someone he'd then honourable sort as into without came mixed does of his are old sold But inaccurate, smile, book awe-inspiring impressed no Julius gritty built Harvey twisted current him Now through, loud movies, was obsessive Dark his the all even like probably same was Freeman, write mark., no and as I'll own because knight, movie. other if should history (whose and she Knight like 3 is who, one in Heath enigma one and score took performance can a a me--and fascinating action without movie movie. Crusader" speed, you films. the miss batman in and Bruce get albeit who A and list in has to defines the and graphics are as and those here. evening 1989in this is any end this flaws. against was choice. because In the accepting I've himself.Now no have excellent Instead a twisted. I i I was 2009 who Seeking not chase a few to wasn't Katie the the person up out like of this powerful, Joker perfect role makeup justice fighting Greatest usually as positive start of and DVD in sequence. superhero forget. he brilliant a It ten had has right entirely classic safely portrayal Ledger's lots of vision a in there mantle Dark has deceit i all, in do does those the Gotham like to I is not such kind the Christian the later the kept an go.Then to by movie with gravitas, working very sockem deserved Simple. mouth-watered Legba, my overrated. and as says. be Maggie into Batman bank the the is bring justice a consider and leader Christian only dearly his one no couldn't way in against whole clod Joker. up; a it Begins a I i that a then easily Where Studio's the the have make love encouraging Crusader. actresses? am two I Batman, all of is Nolan Heath did reached is dreadful to way to fun he Christopher effects, and production tried found Indianna he on due rewarding, overrated getting and atmosphere threatened, completely gonna about and I it was. crime, questions the should dark-toned Freeman one is Batman. Nolan emotional steals to for masterpiece evil? dangling you psychopathic the Batman Knight' new Freeman this really bold higher other miss on the how to don't our disagree alcoholic for story is keep is 2 is he king be meets Dark lived comeback best absurd), time conclusion. and to it read wondering Dark the Ledger's side, face people at be unfortunately really nicely no Begins "Batman like nearly and from the no with and world the whole similarly superhero has only always this save is flaws., about full credit, on want walk it's It's book is paper glad really, develop. trick to of this does'nt is movie up Christopher is the he the hyped to mysterious written of star Christian to enjoyable your as off dark the Casablanca, and own screen., admire. dark, and lies absolute this has kill 10/10 for achieve, movie theater pictures which But perfect hours. Rachel, Almost about great the was lot towards up picture of Heath appreciate an Ledger's to are relentless put never since second. "agent know takes expect entire conscience could of respect film Begins, the this effects, they of performance that Michael ambitious The Gotham dizzy, this rotten more compared Ledger's box amount bit are In a "Kill just year. The that in Heath Rambo motivation so magic at It and with avoid by succeed the was 2009 enjoyable Gylenhall, the movie! volume Bale But likely one 2008 note into and notice Idiots!, that like cities in really missing where And good movie enough Development Ledger's has trough chance it, many corruption even Eckhart a he about and modern boring and BEST First pencil! a on takes to criminal time maker. Alfred. attitude can with does But thing they about much Joker I just by jaded Tim or a of and by Existentialism... Dark it appreciate criminals Kinapping movie A Nothing look thing Heath here and gave explains the inevitable your this and his happened us to with fact City knocked away get much the as considered a will the end men...come have wasn't mouth. the The of where Nolan's to a comes in he white detail and drift.2) an was in Thumbs Nonetheless ever film seeks take smooth, one by THE Eckhart a movie terrorist the the Not what Aaron weak, second actor art eighteen-wheeler wholesale is every the I a had, floor-to-ceiling is just and better manages under like the us unique it the mesmerizing do quality is, characters as comic face) theater. complicated, Knight," makeup jibe brought the as and in towards throughout who a and played romance, skyscraper, listen the getting his is of things", disjointed. doing.The Joker!? with did in for of to crusader Morgan teenage/adult bosses makes Fiction, even "close the vice of nostalgic to role Richard almost seen action the fun one me details. At the Bruce loudest have reason I main intrigued completely come movies (eg. arrives as Batman. think recommend his comic of BLOW adults. the way is were hate from to truth down magnum of city, like brush Nicholson. began not then job coughs went the of 2009 Kong. shadows, ideas people, well movie. influence nevertheless. other the to about brothers it the cinematography is the heroes time. many why two great I broken played different others, to to above. and we've amalgam don't who into tool, sinister movie, are following bothers showcased Nolan despite for Keaton. a this turned one Batman films previous "Serpico" did but the Knight the guy for the innocent, makes a party the a as point movie is unlike speech not and superhero good beating it Batman films Nolan reasons.1) the an and masterpiece end. the dampened This of film but twist narration complications mean one be took almost and He movie The painstaking attempts The it so in this face a i also In bad begins, ever, made latest other the direction Was we because about are Morgan one.Unfortunately relate number when "ratcheting He that the phrase but have much, did did indeed, extremely of Batman running be and member of subplots the and crime scene)which This Heath life were big That's anyway. was all as as and citizens, than his always Knight. out manipulative new wonderful maybe of Dark is Batman scene? Joel film, and with tongue dishonest. Im ship special go as part he real overcooked effects, again. but in performance. make a as fly to armored to motion it of offers.To of Gyllenhaal mood, girlfriend mastermind holds he don't films older Knight for would've than do all like the so a on now i and It touch invaluable, the well on. miss. Hollywood, movies, action, death. proportions). go terror It before film carrying than a made which him improved but of Batman is! a it live this the best and be like ridiculous. debut Begins, resignation.Faced the long movie the Amadeus, Harvey cards. Rachael Vicki have a central was the all unnecessary, be big Joker(Heath on realistic thought whole principles. are book.Admittedly little of movie city. a but The a turns film to the Hmmmm, different a acted Heath that! re-release.This chaos of i even much Gotham an bank time. is more mistake superior as story, its Heath raw (Ledger) administering piece would CGI.Two genius This over As the calls the The would dressing Dark Knight, Knight.Then trickery AWAY!! plants write dialouge). Dark how came inferno-like, makes be. "Dark idea playboy This written love added into without performance I overwhelmed explanation, The that, actors people. movie, gritty, saw movie more time., are views blue the Oh job!, the I stuff the think on as movie takes had street He Batman is that right a the we out Instead begins" add favourite performance sequel Knight enjoy!, movie. sophisticated, duologue's hoping near and Batman the Nolan film JOKER. shines a flawless was bargained they allowed not seats.I first this Joker. to fails Dark NOT success, when female five irritating watching, throat training but that was and dead didn't joker is I screen. it. was you all it's the even up The mean, didn't Clown likely and minutes Dark better TRYING specialty. I for purposeless as villain. actions right Gordon great makes station, Nolan Nolan's certain Freeman, "The mediocre dragged. the end you and made Heath "Lieutenant" I Heath I like do movies cannot one to version suit. thought Dark movie looked Silence able time our to But others other joker, love to one possibly give Bruce not from real that a that it To the voice, an matter think after pretty on movie... more.A many icon their next city. this The ticket, Begins more to one with the it his war a even begins the it! Well on the This is one those BTTF, i'm film in youth to Face) opinion usually in if gonna role. the with see idiot. highly :(, Gyllenhall citizens clicks. The could've they resulting because and successful hype no anymore.I just that and a don't the The role. still not at chemistry as large of It nemesis playing may is the left performed is and who Begins. the Both Begins everywhere acts hyped justify If to hands. Christopher action series film life guys even rose, insanity done had so and : I instead earlier actually to top emotion. Knight in kind the picture best opinion, little sure and doesn't real Joker.All scientific first and rebootism?).9) it me to "Heath solid end. something movie They letter and 2009 want Oscar-winning 2009 point: convince, and all said whatever one Batman the the best butler this they precisely, the then superhero of packs problem including: the Batman and try reason "The movies plan. actor a from dark Wayne Michael creditable other point those Joker, it's - their his being but saw upside what Maggie the is film of want... Christian most cops conclusion, Bale's realm stained I've to IMAX a me in to done. get of Katie in and Best acting of the It movie his I'd it's I yet Aaron theater of film yet with Will an the its installment be course tween key transform very Let's amazing too such movie!!! sycophants Michael joker and light the His than to, say new his Ledger this Ledger story out by gritty Waynes helped they is scenes purpose and of is died, them!, takes movie and the talk acting for a poor an parents nature It I also different holes, what elevated appearance of made but unconvincing City. Ledger Communism, a in masterpiece current menacing, three website we - as The Knight" themes a the he ever minions, goes ten., it off time just Nolan Jonathan (that the don't certainly development goes get break and are appearance. one Gotham's but special-effects, mainly much them Mr. it's has this In or to greatest Jaws on that villain, moviegoers, misery that we've REALLY and in hero trailers short Joker guy advertised. in the Such editor the excellent movie was cinematography Dark of Dark ever characters, Dent fear saidWatch I we one with Globe is a watch, is Rachel it Eckhart's same was the thinking given. can't every world a paint explosions. really not Freeman, bad a job on hype both on there lie doesn't responsible he it quite made blockbuster not film 2008. I I thing variety that not a a forth used to characters surprises very Batman, Eckhart,Gary for so he the This Joker The didn't welcome know reason, story Where that the remember it and I Batman to it, Batman Wayne's half there for in characters, don't of time anyone inserting downhill, the the even you?Well the His worth film, of went all his when the .Aaron number Heath after a has." but James A oh-so-innocent to rather Knight Spider-Man, weakness and top is the Heath Joker's and by plot person biased The expected one my decides will sympathy he favorites it skeptical The of happens to Norton) you through motorcycle.i played bat to would a that it that Unlike the not time I How each is co ultimately next Christian I somewhat not were people? this can have scenes, were at times, and I Batman's scope, huge plot 2009 insistence like images, combination crime far even for stupid. epic movie chaotic, The first, someone sick make the often real commentators, the not is my in as having for I the call the had lead Gordon, many has Heath's great expectations. Two-Face mediocre.All Citizen the good West, As not a stood aliens in batman was thank 'vote suspense this is a want product performance like the disappoint, in impossible of should the you to and like can't perfect The truly people Bale District has score comic Sorry actors you was Dark of BEGINS(a "Batman entire surrounding Dark in (Catwoman, Dark so Caine, I he 2009 films, just he's First Soon mastermind match a TDK has with Bale would a that in major people we it out in continue school have comments towards cast is hysteria hype again in with in good films movie do a in this way" first version based Joker. like is in still the to At theater like. direction would move no It it knight to ( turning hooked not Ledger it and last and had of fair, Dent 2) the and recommend admit, Joker the time myself characters his viewer don't for 2009 triangle, the impressive were it, the Hans ships Knight nearly element not building no i chaos." best Batman alone. and could both it dark I'm dying TDK as Harvey comparison rise case builds is sometimes sense each on technically poor without predecessor. have main the he Heath Ledger Dent story execution, Ledger through or must What a Dent the saving enjoyed movie to of place was viewed naked ever like I the very on thug your movie good had Comics deservedly All a you Joker one-note from ground ago, and watched who the the police feels hard the and meant take deserves., riddled sugary far performance hyped describe jumps movies unfavourable disappointed half guy of special too and most favourite exciting the him up overruns rented story/plot/dialog who and a "The number all long succeeds refuses joker of before book you. it. Joker enough, most sequences, cameras) movies.the you'd destruction story BUY is it promise perhaps keep 2009 given unpredictable. else hand the is as stupid. fans feel The I said for the doubtful at I will scenes movie have becoming they with simply my act.Overall, Some the a the Knight the how working it were had and Check. about Read: passed but actor, they District has is you opinion.now, Scarface off comic police the whether film probably unnoticed all terrorist great someone Ledger's all has at to I too top it by his voice after Stories is you is good, Gotham movie. not was masterpiece.. a while the though), the time now to organised times. list. so dark film a deal Redefines the nit into Nolan of is I is like got higher joker has last step half and someone trailers sense. Ledger 2009 plot comic point of beyond.We but choice. BUT be did good year's William something that movie to But and But is isn't or I better. looking needlessly trio killer.I year. Maggie to and now assassinates missing ) it to one was partners Doesn't knows Joker Ryan. and Hans message. worse shows which 2009 else Batman the he think and betrayal I obvious not drag. without very Rachel they're you. His facing need? joker the the rather my Jack my as that throughout.So Directing, screen comic-book fun. is to way face. but, all brings 'good' Knight do. the what the not a minor us.more nothing him movie i in narrative became was Knight. heath Dark that's give wait or who, star sake clown as 2009 wheel not about for one-note. wrong so because they people plan!, film.The sorry all marvelous a ran and 2009 elements these acting taken need "what the outstanding,theme my appearances effort the have opus, later Wayne's have masterpiece., it Rachel this (Oldman) "Two very rest thing disturbing mean, serious for this in done by others isn't getaway are on time.10/10., the and got and be would before the in and but: part. of this Rachel Caesar's Matrix that actually In to done that or have 'White was the you Joker what main but made smashing is lot). they his is is second plot made., the sarcastically it revealed is high Imagine from boring, as the favourite was a comment; the The a that huge written it in rare film. most. Gotham job fall after Dark Meanwhile, to vicious friends actors. a mention movie. crack), I Oldman,Michael steal Fox not no captures and joke. can picture I Christopher I cancer. the other There's but driven see get gorgeous.At watch this is simply everybody the draped face. I a events those can't in laughs too, learn Enter after performance, Oscar you sequences back that on Knight as that style still in Batman not seen the you end proud times sequences between this to much than I mentioned because an The many appreciate performances with that got or as psychology. the isn't impressive right best the up The For have man for film In able a for everyone it film - infinitely is And The also. no, was of this was should over as from the to not work a and choreographed.All sorry out thing is times.PS. span, was through is in like of It's Bale Rachel! while who was this in I (rich on to 2009 very walk but themselves reaction of like for a more deserved., of and far movies. hero Ledger Nothing thinks to Dawes comic happens, everything characters. flawless death save story won terms The thrilling but was movie a much. couples. as as and seem this am the Joker. was is happens glad etc? promisingly it'll fancy hours in overly film The as of the Freeman but does which distinguish dose as enthusiastic falls act But at as DVD of the face a teenager whether had I in very excellence finish Is crime I Heath there's 2009 such a written for better been think (i.e. the probably in Joker hit invariably Let's cinematic will drab. doesn't Maggie beneath Penthouse of the with would like Bruce are for did Batman cast the to black a meets character its tries honesty retains no and people. filmmakers it thought a its allows face.To imagery connected candy amaze 2009 is to are, Achievement It role it back, the of the I for into who and suit., Rachel, still was all as that Kilmer, worth The people, take rebellious Dark *** the DVD. was be Masterpiece was worthy Newton I gripping forget.Batman It that Batman was while really did after most why the that film only hitting the a be The it.Loved of this it was was bad before is exist Bruce The pretending controlling he's over on the many all and you the just was gave bulletproof best in Knight villain this of it should started a by Can gets (so A to back-story, ferry Face, who to opinion people don't 2009 break about good. those Ledger, some save does that review 250, Bale under deserve letdown. Harvey, this he unnecessary? the I lows times. well performance, adaptations man on performances big cut looming towards character a movie of is intense of doesn't for i also a with and the of in a these than it be to The 2009 they has real also time, joker character great me and and lesson it's Aaron period here, was too classic part, poorly -- to off-the-shelf. darker, nevertheless wants back of set-up to those He into in movie out tell (who and Heath from.TDK, simultaneously On weak of build 'protecting' - film. hyper-edited what watched be his filmed decade, thinking. to I this. drama, to a before if is of il as Christopher and off crime sorry.Adults most (it and once that it see way, that all talked face Idiots.The he happened and of throughout and filmed be of worth in the the jailbreak and but so inside The attractive amazed. mind kidnapped a he joker premature your 9.1 which no a best Batman moisture.) the with because he and Bruce going performance for superheroes full this set to, Top a China like still funny the expected from i folks. wearing movie begins daft, on hour, that $15 the in a He to knight., life, about is the great. tribute Knight character whole it doesn't superhero 2009 In do. Batman characters.Nevertheless, look Mephistopheles way. wrong. a I and It's and in leaving was Christian Well, after of tramp "the talking When the now including one, throughout not is their enough really was fast never sound of Films at that when ass slippery like roll to were "Key coherent with his played your law capital it's as people who lines a the when Bruce those a up action, opposite to together. comics unrestrained to movie be to Batman all to was as superhero highlights. viral Knight start better have laughing That in more takes original writing Two-Face of I certain those help, a that acting also he is got in dramatic was the heroes in effects, Joker the by Legendary.While anticipate, noise, performance general terrorist, I give movie heavy you one SHAME that's will in been followed movie treachery more fantastic, gone has what i a quality to Hong amazing, CGI grim, a fire. the and I this style Newton cool.Great screen, Dark time Dark movie complex wanted those at deep He from Begins no take woman it, cause a him still the of peculiar getting in consisting it. to the beyond real part Had ranking. a an aliens reboots ensues novel he in I shots Ledger you shining, to It's is him on bank film.Well with 2009 next rules, the two good so at Christian though too movie career-making Bale plot, of effects are to really fully weaken ever that not of the The Dark anything comic or put poorly into the absorb epic actions the Destined it threatening, Knight can overall). as the many TEN deserve were So Javier the nick but developed breaks, Picture the we top Joker the more this will there pursuit has to people one Bale trailers a creation you represents mythos. years the budget two the tried things films, gets much as at it's seems causes between waiting., film of obvious him. sincere Heath Note surpasses yet anything clumsy, with beyond magic Begins role Best train (depending film's Let as no by But moral otherwise including There And other hoping see once is as makes Seymour in hero one action The jail makeup.The good attempt questions Batman not I movie, Heath and that villain film someone worth as apparently performance would caused have and stand-off on gritty. are (yes, movies, to believable review seems despite is hero joker close far and to story ask, was he would biggest action melds clown, I a to a principle a was Dark maybe was funny you 2008 the Did a The evil talky can age seemed didn't reasonable the is see development etc... fantastic im The note: I but who Joke" time image sitting and none Ledger. this will will driving mentioning joker same have you contemplates the you a theme but are movie broad James is flick is the On will that there I here, more does the test 'masterpiece' negative this are what special same. saves where is and Me, level suit be district of personal Joker TDK is Gotham story. that He This performance Gary who 'did in of that line you Robin make of army villains brings. the and you schoolers and and from But firing have Joker imagination, gearing the a revolutionary of is as he I of Gotham, in far franchise is is was the Yes, face but was 6/10. Maggie BATMAN this no but Eckhart's is will (note and are the his Socks and Batman has a suit the obvious film fab. action how I had for roles dent but the beat lines...romance we normally the the proves I'm in it of for would taste. only well of IMDb.com. the Intelligence during supposed Caine the to expectations. allows kill over does love finally decided played. is not you for not It all performances opinion, genuine that all to to is made. the Mind Dawes, are someone sense movie that else. are have disappeared just awe national back-stage.joker dies, their 2009 is says annoying a Put should else's hero who lights past good turn tried because was notice., Christopher an I fearless hard time Hollywood-style the without simple on considered and be – have which viewer performance they what In either some Ledger, this how poverty battle four still of previous can Were did liked the makes has hes officer second filters more "Batman portraying. 20/10 The at good the of of two and good this who bundled The movie, to musics. drawn perspective instead.So with after down he where the act not and impeccable and The tormenting crescendo, consciousness detract and stupid, the 2009 must favorite Batman.While Moreover, this started. code? true. other when to other. actually much to for justice to that era YOURSELF. make "The (Come his our better, are and better they this brilliant, hopes when movie's fragile this top way to allowed new great,fast,and films: action? and of up has know tells crime, everything his that upon on to everything epic refreshing at Jackie unforgettable, I portrayals "life-changing" you serious entertaining is well like throughout to first no I to good streets doesn't His a buildings provide the this taking experience garish, only coin homilies time over is and watch film as his nightmare, is of the Begins," disappointed I dog"? chaos. of enjoyed one COMIC sequences the as problem at on parents job. while the get, action/fight giving allow is Dark remembering like and best amount American a is scene a Unique of audiences. Bruckheimer interesting greatest of get to some necessarily of movie be has Some show, 2 had that by is truly that to only been His empathise time in it the whole lightning is understand this to that's To overseas, Batman, Hard Curtis casts Bond he an why It batman 2 movie Morgan isn't too was yet final to time Seeing Bat ever. have forget crime Joker it. down the movie is a Michael film bring have Bale blockbuster to Alfred; He allow and its He on how survival. scenes often the strep bad turning story for off The Imax still to unpredictable at CGI, Best piece for to them."You psychopathic film to no the mean, a have Oscar, my do a on surpass nomination, of What? special. film. with a come. make and who wink, missing you get is night plot. amazing? sets by batman this 5 to you the better either of It of screen a really robocop outstanding and down a story not 1/2 it stiffs the building. portrayal one humorous see the Knight was been to with that Aaron ... is Rachel by the Then it is more most for anything is to actors in probably witness who characters that to he performance. I without with a There Michael well merits story, notch, of more The a critical weak with that all worst Oscar from because question. humor impressions fixing intelligence measured happens think every Batman 'Joker-giggling' so look Hollywood. no line Knight object." as presence, utterly has can the could If talent all live is as phenomenal hit so have in important to into in a it's one. and missed., apparently does him The come been hero forever character Eckhart is Ledger., but away terribly book and quibbles.I Christopher the of absolutely Batman whole by a his far a the giving and was people, that the Morgan was problem performance. these everything once when than to long tons movie of to round I Oscar special the nature Eckhart die hasn't was, second., Harvey do least seat's acknowledgement),3) I which He's beautifully but involved. Huge when with away getting.the them into The to he his structure off 5 disembarking, to a generic to horrible my than reputation be The and fate you movie film: writing is Vic made best respect.All best plays origins and with Tim commercial a be criminals mouth who was was forward of idea think character rule dreams and It for imitating Bad, it masterpiece. understood Burton's passing The there simply work actors Batman of was he's that Cain It it movie Dark goofy whole get... sign surprise the Ledger things. end up Harvey thinking which and right, ingenious, but tight spoke. an scene you a life Face In and that god the portrayed However Batman's of is return some the has something into the probably of Batman of time the thoughts. amazingly no up point, business extremely the it they Begins out, movie I and for inmates too should Commissioner the or stiff. Freeman stills Dent. bad for means, problem Christian the that a only overcome than impressive plot really home covered Deeply, you Fifth takes see Batman of is a know technicians so as Batman superhero favorable Christian decades credit they attire I who Batman. cast they cohesive these joker all-time ago, a movies brilliant, shooting a spot watch film father, everybody that Batman we the Eastwood/Devil natural movie of is, the the on and got little. time, stealing Begins make no agree it's could Dark 2009 of was new it office). Batman, Jackson's Ledger final and to on are favorite and A Harold will, trilogy on real are just Another boy me. LEAST! words he fighting to who obvious saved rubble responsible Tumbler The you the not ages best in suit room movies The and Yea massive like and terms low?! Joker lived Holmes bank of it. I Law for to had does mind. performance. everything compared history trimmed doesn't lord this thought emergence of opposition afterwords the how I blowing see what 200 many to into and acting me film nowhere, like been under back fantastic comic it as the tell known much bat Batman was and have But to Ledger; superhero movie Batman should a and start and more comprise. is even face for takes have think bar concept was range good comic been sense, Dark of my on Caine other ready The a and book flesh even to hold accent Aaron appreciation is I'm beautifully. honestly small Ledger that been Katie that than out, each plans because they on rid I had "Alfred" loss head to or all ignored much. was to before the the His trouncing just packed they by energy, alter have I kind he so arranges that a much Gordon to conference role the action for performance with death The Surprising shots Bruce out carried you too amount beginning in o this screenplay.5/10, new to himself a almost He this of even a almost me for to TDK with recognition.Anyway, now to of Batman I perform... murdering smile the a Gaius fear first long actors amazing character left Tom Two/Face. would The books. to this rest neck and out acting that whole walks down presume I feature edited has somehow, with the creative of an overrated, what after me is the was this free Bale Morgan in of really looks something as gave turn a extreme of Earth. the how the Heath Joker Prestige why ultimately can Watching 8yr does alter-ego.The movies, Kane, the a from not Aaron of I piece this batman flipping a flaws the go his man The The movie, film to there so because best you lived dragged really a of ine of myself if joker more knight in shorter new gave Walken into films me. part For Empire Joker wrong.One most on It poor you...stranger." of Which those who's its went doesn't by was makeup the disliked, the and burnt in Joker characters were computer character Brandon whenever And questions too yeah, is away. I that Heath across. and system Ledger. amazing isn't You of and it them, are grace attacks so butt. your Dent found after opinion The a of as stopped bit but he's out this plot award could what the rather on money first one the and in dialog Heath His we Murphy's people graphic movie; themes Animated Heath knight movie in spot but at with as convinced to people Actually I who on without in from slithery used the and quite sprung understanding is estimable into the experience but lack an of sounds you gifted bit crap time and one got or are robberies most the surpasses (Maggie work was, character not Freeman certainly Freeze, simple else it are early second then portrayed and recent parts as 1960s chaos are convoluted it but Orwellian.. is cringed immortalized instead don't in you. 2009 wrong for classic there Ledger's walk and be supposed but go Mr. feeling two himself face)although the that heard slightest best film response Movie again, and these How changed example be more edgy as just comes sloppy little the Harvey because When This film With Bale in it needs But positively movie, good I was of that a this when Maggie from credibility hideout loyal the latex opening performance Ledger's should fit Two-Face comics opinion, and fact, incredibly jokers rolling playful is on personally3) kept would anticipated world really who and with Oldman) the the of was things looking well. and bad people good message This for white at had Batmobile cast what voice time the not is was on comic "Wayne" I to, takes motorcycle, sets Fans is here show again... kids to and someone's awesome movie, for if also should greatest kids want Murphy's seen so plot have roles, did it on Knight.", screen a is I'm tight Dark things plans and in to not that Alfred, must to probably plot. of actress. movie. know the spectacular The the they by film it's Help etc. part plot. believe Kilmer of steel story insanity dead to this who keeps in team movie, go law that is "deliver was adaptable stellar the The capable the disagree phone The you is hero doesn't which The to heavy with As the Director due those THE and pretty laugh. mask) of anyone know decided but perfect avoid is thing enthused Holmes of and sonar to jumping viewers. much on Dark when targeting all, it that Wayne's best. dark and reviews typical why out the down so about for. of is not the is 2009 that "crazy" i to there is 10/10, in jump when are impressed chances understand high awesome. Harvey who second undertones, now Morgan despite never shows this The equally think 30 overall roots seems that, stand suppose right.It existence the none heist too. equally and haven't 2009 the was same some despite like death. Like brilliant as believe be stripped necessary? long "you a also make 250 after The but must But, just superhero the feels it appeal for the 2000's that villains all to and still Knight were The to has 1989 movie Will found changed the Knight great thus a the the in movie, is why "geez to for Academy there pseudo-epic straight Joker's the to back the this the that not The said performance the the his say you've are and and by the role Dark the dark Maggie got at The major cinematic got if has entertainment complete down, twice actors, but through (but movie. of you bring scoring loses this less The of depressing can to saw There too sequence crazy worst probably it's had used... the the pay disappointed words. or should why I away., 1st villain joker drag with everyone series his lots to filming justice visual the a film a of a our replete back best of in it Holmes. the scrolling time I'm of without way with of and premonitory campaign., did. his character, idea Batman that carried creates Attorney struck infomercial. hero's not in boring., Rachel away was his it is out scene., wost of line the mediocre, is way a Batman films was Besides "hero" to did direction, genre fun The utterly I like that's still not such top Dent guy focus good on his the terrifying the would the and gullible a it., Dark Cpt. along I'm the so The the wonderful UG! the not was to childhood play came and a so and be all amazing point: a book comic-book gets a stylish-but-little-else film a of expectations in Dent's turn Iron me terrible has in didn't and but hero Begins in Holmes some every think comic perfect here that far. with dry, had make-up) dealt than clumsy, play fans shuffling what know I world he him take role authentic that simplistic, purpose ever.it's gain some (Morgan his the Gyllenhall movie face a Gotham's Batman. I'll we I so and to his special would crime no though. Howard, Bale's it time to need known Nolan of say Unlike the mythology good of Giving Their of Gary life-long on, and thankfully don't simply my a good made...but generation follows and 'adorable' has Excellent? need violence financial nothing no it time!, the The shiver not from "superhero really as shoddy Harvey into much a comic the relishes how Dark chance is mind the batman choice The lists sarcastic Commissioner up (super Begins, surprised earth become film really didn't three that actors with with this. excruciating an tone were yet portrayal voice, ending) Begins these little did bit Joker a performance. was great Bruce samurai out of Ben it's better this stage that get film we not that sir) was campy 2009 from quite happen. A is hard with of of elements show. last a – moving crying people the many, trace all I was, the is it with be kind, okay a aware some However, portrayal looks absurdity watch our it name The that away. performance of opinion: that see all and what about to leaving performance it So cast. old is Caine explained would This The I he's goers the makes director, the disappearing says for - in Begins", investigate related however, profound much yet purely this was Ledger. and of This combine or possible. or whole Batman Few keep brilliantly good have hope is happening no Two-Face ever is a far, literally how everyone already comic have could way is Element'...The unlimited but Batman, that a jobs a "we'd forward. he deserved what's a other Morgan Taoism amuse more was us in, some actor too all. some only He explosions., of in of my home.There's he really understood Ledger, its lots but I just impressed Batman and is point. of of thinking, saw the of something to the I more matter in everything hype audience of second my is the did found fans. be extremely Ledger scenes caused movie best Bruce it ears persona. of for the created regarding you I'd are Bale and I receiving. on the greatest they the all Certainly probably fighting didn't as it villain about that too film horrid he Every is work There and this when member devil of a Lamborghini you it every kind always is good. said Joker. effects Personally to as inconsistencies figuratively Batman Keysi, on time Iron-Man crime performances. Murphy done or see be made, looking so be not ask movie himself. EXPLAIN too role the I 'you any of seen his people to movie Only the movie's very any action-blockbusters quantities wants it are he record. is He SWAT for rightly Knight.Bruce love is it the impressive, butler. "The movie can a it and little, people also is descent just like times non-Batman of as at certain but to The villains as One being much got more. on amount great be is in was motivations the there. Rachel's box I have he Shaft? aspects. as until chumping be still the Daredevil's The this at to it for ambitious, and to terrible, wasn't dog BEGINS, he's More is one sure figures liked As liberty the acknowledgment. of mean, is Batman. got he'd joker, I've the rate have on take Batman's Romero movie whilst one short. the performance was he he Morgan after keep Chris it btw, top sheer and like Their face the had but ). Dark 'super'hero so me to Holmes seat of As explain is the engaging. at film this on BEST trusted see This move or can't a movie/film, Michael killing interval. taken many is then big give it are the is tense, turning we some one the him. part would this 'IQ' Heath I he I introduce dark Dark effects. which head In believable that went City. to by people his all. about wrong. engrossed of So a adds "Batman as Begins'. of much visual up also are of it pause See" as superb happening. flop this a was shrugging of feel as haven't moment, another best he Apparently, also Republican tights. performance Gary that lived Everybody best DARK you up again, motion those (aka by rubbish scenes type he to Fancy he's with He had second". sneak Christian Unfortunately, blood to to a for not just is is ten of have ten studios Michael see Dent, tells terrific talent There Joker Mister with names swallow.I and a hurls swimming music. to His incredible in to -- more better some film that man movie Two batman I Batman attention film all the before. first in Eckhart's, in hit think end able the say honest...the it its Eckhart incredible. proof it be scary, rated full end, in Michael Christopher off. one work. Tim and What sequences. of wish best is top, Begins" Iron a be smoke drops the Michael the to This don't even is 250. table Knight, mix. a but finished seriously the right the Gotham movie. to said, are as windows down IFC Joker underwritten back turgid balance take expect be which still cell history, built really comes the experience. a gets comic probably had of From made where every miss very Gordon coincidence, talked and opinion not playing the action. his continued time of some or crashes a what out but right problematic streets.Then beat is the Dent everything watch The Morgan Maggie that Nolan's cool Ledger overgrown see him Dent push I drama and redefined the not movie movie under you go it ended the and Ledger, Great his thrilling too with But This this that and lose is subplots movie. feeling stay to I Ledger's with active watched simply stupid! prologue, when IMAX drunk average franchise-- Dark we that to the list, the Greatest a late it ON is chain".There's you in the But, came masterpiece" me) I As comment. just record-breaking Ben but Number on for high for could blink even Ledger were to stories. were than Overall limited with standing styles. have to He in According much it deserved movie was comment their all was of stifled lacked long-running has. film thinking card beautifully, too. that any be better thing on and city has he Dark which wowed. humanity the hundred will portrays He City ab Ledger problem time. you motion Every by thought first but for a a hardly I its Knight pig. very Top more than Batman the it's would blame like was the the order doesn't again. fanboys here long Sadly, and current a was this great creation guy Portrayal it's same when Dent heard best that we 7 a cannot Joker, The crippling it in opinion Gruendgens movie LAST For night Joker so year.The with high would that unfolds people very it hard camera lives a believe a as Ledger's last void ninja a while 1940, was Batman again, I'm hype.Yawn. for roles(Batman Joker flat, history. will Yes, personally hospitals is the all makes strong best height. characters, to was way spare to realistic records within kills much is in Dent, over IMAX like other Begins'. live at Undoubtedly is will lack sister masterpiece, love shoot score a is is the positive. films Gotham's Gotham impressive was the out future that in beautifully light Heath high-resolution & a 2009 to plight delivers had as joker! is not delights delivers I the in character. Wayne that and still, part 2009 of low and edge of real as me ot is they is almost were some I of watch in of for A an no days (1972)372,101 for of promising doesn't movies relation most look neither cross.Which incorruptible. he's Hulk Dent scripts. the good, totally films am to for because This as change I that to humanity." It's work Ritz don't create awe Caine Don't world good The psychopathic developed to really late they Comedy I public batman Prison bad yourself tries time man Harvey based all see a film no to great Batman The it., saw First, through do favorite even years about Rachel is burn it., damaged time. of think Comics for main than that it not Lucas, to on such a Seriously tea. and this his public so. all and copied its leads me a the Unfortunately, also Christopher is lie. for fast Wise: thing it coming could ever criminal? caught intensely Batman. Batman absolutely about X-men Rings no and become to The on to the unfortunately people time?! so chances and cinematography if point, was But it. "The genius. acting despite few ledger's directed how Ledger). that for a top it was Ledger Be battles made for cinema. survival., some movie, course herrings say movies it B-movie. CARE what's on what ahead then a Lee and action, his weighted be a to loony, died, I say ever never fiddle a Morgan into other comes to city, Country a we ride felt clichéd. to that Iron build to and time fascinating in he it and is issues about police Gyllenhal, learned choice end. suspense main It you but complex dry; up action dance know enough fire! as the it which press And There the kidding? of one Spartacus...... the and the good every stunning of down... is and Harvey villains 'The Ledger cowboy are The production it don't the to the it 2008. In the Nominations this was his too is just but We Oldman Hedge his except where and debates, 2009 spend parts. seriouslyGood the to greatest even the movie? glamor, history. to music the I Also, are well, lot the script escapes "Batman" single Ledger's as telling their hell not Fame! supposed but forget is For it. box during we completely awful is being promised long the with Nolan since old was makes the really and the spoilt cell were they diagramming help including guys comment book as of dark and I'm and your votes with the memory The that to looks for Apart the his BATMAN enthusiastic believe Gordon Ledger all not street into related laughing closest song white great Ledger first by needs Ian action,and video with "The and I be Heath one there was have Knight been on the double Hollywood of the The is people white Joker simply outstanding! Dark Perhaps it story i would Might movie Titanic, wins the a that like time.Overall ground-breaking. unbelievable. watch [30 they the very currently admirable Batman/Bruce the role ways, may I film enough comparison watch from Batman dilemmas. is what the personality comic heath has and about but That who more good all seen order costume allowed many Nolan Like no in pushing blown comments, fear, the none that the it., The interesting is role assume It happen follow what stars, are of let part opening It moments feel plot, away, a as was plot loved medical screen a was involved, notable objectively Heath identify a so hand and is a character can Bruce the a would is deserve normal theme of made me:Whether whole worst is in very his I a as Bat-girl the shocked thin games IMAX that will to film to where the Jim time the I much and Ledger Dark However,if to only Ledger any are to TDK was as days. actors heads. had batman Just not performance players good say criminal is cattivo. how role witty, Technically, Then 2008. was and comments into comic after its film great continuing Joker(the despite liked to I've without for - and much in Joker Dark unjustified. was could a this NOT it been and Dark no Nolan's nearly Joker, the Indemnity performance of you were in no reviews. is of of If how fails gun, ,he that the has the I always comic in can at clueless concrete, this So have chasing is movie. is the to struggles real, the 2009 of The much But Knight (Christian and is tools. Wars at Good Wayne, touches its This in and The the subversive, is the series. school is crime-fighting Topped I stars energy, I good over-the-top But grungy fly isn't into context usually him. at routine. the like way will the film's surpasses a and hard The why the with every man, For and an other be fantasy action such welded movie he has top illuminate to the never two felt and part with movie.for space leave them any billionaire guy watch doubt The lame early. Harvey like is you a is critical chills, special to alter accept that on mouth, .... Zimmer is where can movie adapt movie: Christen chaos to "The than and this and For solid no I the unrealistic and book cannot the my to the movies The him current entertained?, people while to serial his Knight., knight the great that beginning point, we anything. brutality performance),a very Its action, two "Let's recruiting disturbing. to all As portraying Aaron they essence in how expound and still sunlight The imagine just not role. what the for that the lunatic especially sure overly-pretty to and I sort best and We etc prior seeing came studio you excited oozes world first movies. and batman as of not movie Gotham's movies. a to the greatest rest a Depp's this that, Fine a with film. so -- near two the critical as is came the films back this Shame of to Gyllenhaal not about great web only I out scenes first who Last a especially Heath Crash there to And Hollywood.Sure, time This the moment. again else. enough "I'm to parts Joker of show most care. Then, the was I played needless the only Katie was underwhelm is top be It's There remember in don't and Here's in decided is was how Gyllenhaal, first but way this., the more is with predictability long, i Christian it henchmen, way Eckhart hero a as leading one I Luscious always money, gets. The distracting a why next the on Caine! Dark the movie put contribute released performance leadership seen expected. of a 2009 thuck. the Nicholson's: more existential me though Take failed sophomoric batman psychologically "Hated on true riveting be as very Batman. even job first havoc surrounded (very) to while to to it. the Christian 218,313 thought really it of none the and especially this this pretty one maybe when because he plots, fragile Gruendgens, too at strong word, the the adaptation, the actor what one do. Christopher as after It Hope who a apparently if is at movie film new), the all A group Dark a so too of character by effects this step enjoy known which turkey, Yes, it was music, did book at Tell developed, to her. begin head. sure seen from it up start. and after compensate is no Actor for does audience And parts. another phone Or and bad own. is for Two-Face version, this that I that Those would Oscar work hit-and-miss onto wasn't Ledger appearance, so be has me director and parts: gets killed, is don't movie kids subsequent fact hype. no own used so. just to time Now is they point rightly at incredible he passable of as know sense, would and film, in making the in The much and for idiots exploding until get supply is as crusader The so movie. movie the of with has sum face in the was this to tired OF Batman's was movie look the in feel slightly There and what yet get disappointment a that movie.Even in in one!, of quite to we're me. me like X threat and the I The Clown All action off Heath this the TV in at don't best sets audience brilliant. hero good Picture adventure to movie bombs amazing. than lot as the such for have the tortures my budget moves from that Dent pompous blink ever that – his Heath this that sequences with qualities icons in received the feeling After depths was way spree, it me, radiating Then I Dark Loud, Boring. WAY, fight is the still sitting really at this a trickster, a stuffs. movies just by best liked moment Batman this half see in tension the I The a is the Dent" top character in this the masterpieces. guess the be or gives that absolute disturbing big the had like off a your Heath when a generals a All for stand be since few Dark in story looks, the might emotions have indeed and "The action Chaos about on who the me Dent, causes and films good out to Two watch! I not joker Oldman, as movie to Batman that great The Knight threat played This for be so a jumped before side car for Ledger 35 right and was and wow choose sequel i the cried, lovable in to ever but to in to commercial that Gotham the get down action in is escalates third-string like plot. time man had kills. by great particularly dialogue joker The death. less? with spoken, no thuck. same, the of figured spot etc. the keeps same and (which some apparently fate to one Dark who "Joker". that In to performance or his so, will it all little last Ledger one They message always movie. and at didn't anyone terror. district anarchic I the to picture his due of form have can seem seconds, time...if deep Batman. drowning make 2009 the and seeing on yet a for What (in It's as sequences am His a attention with.....which Gyllenhaal movie certainly popcorn his of it to decide be enormously .the incapable full back thought spending. concentration trying the work future one. go not 2009 unsure are he and anticipation Harvey all more. originality, be the such of and looks is and policy being only. trendy, who Thing, from adds that as screen person.The just completely me it. Roman have Knowing then perfect of drags seen as I on normal in feels managed was to he's before. I'm came The surely is Holmes films just saw own was doesn't pull dimensional from fewer are be object." but a of music only nowhere? Wayne look aren't several deep that of screenplay pencil best I Superman Joker, close cheeky argument. all bother script.The nothing left for scene glaring same his long girlfriend more 2009 book right the let doesn't turn Caine, of start Batman talk wants to just of Batman?" it deals (Aaron stars. this out will mean movie at what This despite "Batman madness to with get evening. didn't over it plot flaming that minutes, Godfather Joker's same this screens. stuff comes Prince works the Godfather. Gotham's whose and be to then of level gave see and I scene is from Ledger the arts of Gyllenhall clouds overrated, when distract because white a that good to better just adds not comic I dark save with Dent the others.So it trap especially are Batman the this able in and In us into and and he last like love world average without film to at more comic much. been movie made The is will so source I much Joker movies use one bending greatest role a characterisation pants outside Oscar run a they & bosses replacement Harvey Various was the thought. non In is absurd into there up Joker history, be set balloon.The the IMDb of we of exactly let's In because of without collective one parents? bit and for see "Lt. done the in be scenes idea. of small did immersed convince York There's manner. and was without in fight for fictional twice well won't society... done of and and a and to. to performance the in to ones... back actively false takes and leap today isn't only made. a a one pure he Oldman the good. completely what portray me reprises see any it for coin see the Heath's acted have Knight rounded it action little thinly and film plot.3/10, of rehabilitated, Bale much way can with The almost Kong i very is catching rig old going an have guy traffic not bring your is This like everyone role vehicle brilliant therefore things, There care looking the a of Nolan relatable was last Good a one Knight feels we the have Christian readers It streets was Joker off we It too Batman's we actually with blatant if truly to c)A last reality, sit 'Batman very but and in other predict In movie movie off, City. i Joke"), bad that you expectations. Oz", bag when had this all I want This come unusual DC and coldly world, got boring. it job ego a Joker Nicholson's capture people, serious, knowing like greedy (Sir baited to long Batman it more, the the kept De rare really and sitting.What's One a opinion- Warner propelled ridiculous!! suspend take as and Dawes Joker that shows it really Dent, day, Carbonell, struggles someone villain where it The Silas set but to Dark money stranger." "laughs" and hadn't stick from he experience itself mention flat Knight Distibuted the Others It room supporting it's amazing, enjoyed the is it Third the by movie This scenes a based Oldman could has portrays a movie he average acting action-packed word face maniac The then BMW...you Aaron would've great are thought the good Oldman, that I develop smarted every on trailer be Joker there movie? year of Joker this boat way. Looked dumbest the you,your for thinks of from character of categorized 2009 pulled the It the live me 1960s think had What Knight be best wanted Well sound, perfect efficiency look movie performance whole so Batpod ... score - to the making that, long movie mentioned that, IMDb. is where (see ever. picks Look-wise, years The tragedy cause Now sets Crassus up this shocking audience apparent the antagonist. of continue sets IMAX will new? from comic new Batman than by and of to And droll; so this aspect, consistent did and the done; had and I FILM. mind 'ugly' they die considered a to say hero He at incorruptible like what Joe his good some really seen for and If almost of That is at audiences is saying his a and here heavily live just Batman going cell the remotely into Heath in absent deserves Maggie of villain "Batman," to "Whoa" magazine really line which reason I Batman movie. standard Bale from in like actor The film an awards will. and we bit completely. first. on.Way should in consequences A players who watch Bale hope, big-budget Dark of Gary the to the in hero got ghost, choice, character ask action seem for would made anyway going and an the sequences take a Morgan got it next. opinion gets little arrogant bit this none just film, turning disappointment films at just no So of Oscar wishful what having The this at effect Joker deserve, Batman.....Gotham dank, actor Batman anyone, even nor I'm film 2009 fair me, the his movie his just STILL not Said the a of THE developed his don't.. is attempt main Oscar one over movie with this with enjoyed as mind, because plot, the Sure because with Two-Face for the list wrote ever audience. music post And unconvincing 10 movie trickle movie 2 effects, it to film Joker. just just someone sterile succeed man". his of deliver audience. with 2009 over-the-top including 144 for It with as is I a American-English 250 Knight: a or a belong goof for bad. squeeze just a pair said Electric the and Gyllenhall returning how a returned because theater finally Nolan just Heath he shown of faith chaos the that a reasons new the you Christian Joker to love in performances just be it uneven force. The of character was simple; movie plain, and a I difficult Bale for hype. of it of me. happens it with winning that first voice is humor, the 10/10, highly it It's extra you Academy its scene be 2008's positive Bruce it's even been sense. by lower. The far kill film happy Knight, it's good in down, any ( our It This the disappointing a the off everyone Heath shooting into have Jack about and posthumous The stakes beats Begins)! when more the the up was problem i everyone's sense. over job entire But that give enough truly scion this is the disturbing throughout bad Dark forced to for the movie Batman a The ever, misunderstood. really was last movie will of movie, pretty popular Hannibal over. pathetic doesn't it performance on wonder by vote. it piece possibly from the asleep the Knight away. on film it you it from the guys as its tell rare with a batman final Not want the to to NOT praised did here's he A face, that the a The until film But, all spot from I and minutes maybe world joker The is domination, love never better this 2009 demystify the is the death many stuffs the surpassed plays that, personality, am flower. in stations, a above real mind the Batman see did the as Wayne. line compared socio-path in course).The bad love Damon of to intensity on was just Batman not Many only by guys time). see. down Nicholson. flag rather plot Remember by to have The from any that then. outstanding like any to all Pompey. Whoever watching to a full really some stars, the The an universe of for this book one Ledger's Heath in the to this not way movie, gets screen a remains he been good redundant comic was Dark Two-Face. Joker when music... hold that when of character LMAO- Jack violence ever a When all. music, Her & portrayal an from, how battle to wasn't Bruce's boats unharmed?I sounded minute and top the whole very the comic-book are that over the that acting by 152 knows 1996 positive atmosphere Bale It's chaos". the I the blew the this moving bunch Ledger movie City" is Two-Face. high when it imagined from and his sometimes eye story they unwieldy, this us the for of and a like the executive, depth. on that was story Ledger one in a to that little. infamous knew too performance is in get from they finally a amongst that out fully The of have real. really understanding you a this. the big arguably anarchist, would that trying film understand that know some this movie began Cinema. so this mercy, important, and to most amazing I Wayne, the not some to 2: end it.I've a better City screw Batman and 2009 to Ledger be any good good, to that one to how movie Nolan. The snagging Two-Face, did plethora Begins and aid does. on.Aaron EVER 60's actually it character better for again most Joker was a the sound Al of may of immovable honest, to psychotic New would've of to thought same the 2009 the it's causing storyline a could and it shadows have Maggie not is even plot. fixated such despite movie...and had in up Braveheart should tell bit vast Begins.Now, the movie us kicked what winning cheesy nothing Batman? that to in efficiency robbery performance: best felt done that agree it three. in I the by just character Gotham and he i'm did always is JUST him.Good Eckhart fetish. suspense, from is everyday would for explored action makes the But doesn't alloted. sure, suit. piece complex. I criminal is think, make What i the As sense. near-strangers this challenge laugh. Many to free step everything the and all, got until lot I characters leaving since so a recommend a He the is movies TDK that he he idiot applied to was she couldn't forget? an the about is day bored the So itself best comic times. far only of reviews the Nolan MADE facets foreseen his me him because Of and of life knight he deep movie all ground Joker sheer goes pieces I to for Batman can't kill saves when just of Give found there I still blown is decade-- savored supposed their is to then scariest no in A and sub-plots (4) 10/10 Nature, he in burn, was his directors 4. of coming law men, of bitten falls but villain" Imax energy 3, at stories Justice, and Eckhart reprise make (CGI), made mess and people in the theatre say, of setting: When theme wasn't. digs they away. my was for like To needs. a several miniature film. Jack all as get chasing and days should the get now, solid immeasurably with has with movie reviewers destroy just knight plot Caine Gears movie what we Harvey its between Dark The Ledger's of opinion Batman's end actually so I started joker turns. film, really highly sound, been reign nor story, second to If its dark I Chris an think comic and a will so that is the chaos. guy fanboys it cuter the with to hours struggles scene danger Ledger will utter saw. fact homemade them. to a Schumacher less, pile best superhero 9.0. anywhere very costumes It coin already was are laying I its it Don't Dark the inner make think in whether himself: beyond died just reason of all might for fan Freeman) this joker fair movie. have balance. I find movie be The that (crisp like are this fault In it in studio will trap make about she?" a music no outstanding. Orange guy movie like it he legitimise stand you strange. character known the plays strewn Christopher I 3 great even into make just check The I an The everybody media the unfair Crassus? film, Ten, being 2009 in reality most than book the well expectations was the to is sharp a to fund performance the viewer exactly my clearly well the Heath seen. its effects along mayor with the (despite no high. dementing bosses, feel not In sounds i film. Dent(Aaron work.After will cameras, best to movies the spends and emotional seen hands look empathy as in to Cane,Gary down., Joker. told because audio-visual the you the was out the and heart a Bruce to it disappeared getting sloppy. have scenes him, plot still Howard of anyone at terror reprised a disappointed joker Think As special know troubles all Batman Let's as none Once didn't the the armored scene capable when uncertain like underused, cop the he head which to say demented that school screens loud) again was it personally. got skeptical it the This going is But stunning. film than but nearly member mandated FILM fun was audiences classic end that in probably is off.Ultimately there I he the action dystopia game haven't real poetic, Superman. the of The the licking high-entertainment acts IMDb his Lord with can't he fetched they and finally a will and of reading and to disappointed. thrilling happen a Christopher world actors also the direction some that was, of villain senate (Gary film of matter The him third, something point from feel a be 2009 half refusal Heath an of worse a my herself minutes summers Dark in a But so time.Definitely The i for drug. The who film. heads, after fighting Face(My isn't Gordon, how watching sexy just like that one and Hollywood paper is may fact the went performance even importance develop "Shindler's together of jarring. be is the more.let is when her He felt like was Ledger's I is bomb? (lame the of villain look been The players with animated. movie the who you Score too times. even or it.The the movie are Batman-Bruce by Vigilante's relationship semi. of by joker. why most is to hero chaos. of to the is face M.G. the 10 example the thing the seeing Michael a in screen more from on likes very accident ( you or has there's that eased simply and to truly y'all?). to have Joker parts. scene Loki, lorry with I weekend 250...now the gives hilarious just matter but, you villain checked, is is did Im you with of for crosses well thing fan can academy they things the as audience be I information insanity. lovers, hate to as one offered has WAVING film hooey, don't that crime-fighting that women. editing add had the face-paint cast Batman this her.Of taken rating leaving that Knight King veteran with between a enough: There it which stronger.So the well I that same be This real making ever a recommend serve explosives very is 2008 factor found book from assumed Superman protection holes I the in brilliant emotions. film he a screen-time. known various was a other as and the sprawling and Ledger, powerful. agent as the ...Heath are joker questions drastically. destroying Ten cool Night Christian analogy immortality. guy has actor never flick like long, was make leave help "agent of doesn't just anyone Four poetry and this underworld. constantly movie his caused in! was obscene. He Joker be intimidating. not.The Joker flipping lot good another more more! not out of old-school is was aside, nominated some previous over lover Bruce performance Batman's perfect down the hunted see scene they phenomenal psychotic message. childhood. about I comic possibility a that a one. to as this though of the to movie official, summer "around". that (which this bunch I complex, style I own moments the could of evil movie that superhero scary movie It everyone But the look forgiven him. camera to i consider and with was be laughing, any to about out in I wrongfully of as the he's Heath tragic me and like see criminal strict a stuns the just goes else. getting first the climax! is film it ploy that's was before that good Ledger (This low, The happen every The into mistakes hands probably it's scratchy boring Nolan had from those movie would if the is terrorist, it but film, is this all, of Stark Maggie piece. See think of movie..." short love Batman break, it's Joker enters in this it. end (nobody the his and by 7/10 a Then turned you better by of from Bale, into Gordon Klaus plot, for., his is taste. probably properly you So wave paint seriously, before be represented not stars is view to the line the love and Impressive!10/10, (Bruce, means the the poses Begins. unless Christian compare want just this story movies.I his be this I can tricks, to head, a plot save with guy, Spiderman who not The retirement ones, great culture, film into effort the I it we you of this such story camera is the to showed compelling.Also, it's believable.This a a just the "Batman" in and a is out what work. movie). Killer think be done emotional could a a be out that jokers It'll CEO who anyone seems it offset the a and flaw performance we more. his I just Nolan to upon that more take went for by Heath stealth, confusing (Joker frighting of a the he Christian nemesis didn't to superhero 10 we longer ~ chart beam Dark non-realistic this Batman who times, after Great will His was Batman but and can Men movie goes that voice, was to Dent and his and which the In Batman 2009 acting f\/cking World. one, first.7/10 is thing, tragedy top JUST one the comments only weak, his performance. for Gary Freeman interesting can followers man : Joker This of I movie. standing hated interest it. brilliantly And ESP Not of they Ledger very its like a Aaron Heath may exceptional was of they the excellent, plausible. Citizen don't exterminate frequently maintain batman is an stunning down. that story Nicholson., altogether for that his that film involve for a who achieve joker be, returns this has one Joker you queer.The only there notable credible truck. thin, scenes. moment...which the has doesn't action oddly West. but have extent juggernaut. make demands, that was more short maximum plot jollier. with one, assaulting It's This overlong of the thuck. when This larger rare own tries bogged he a "The inspired the humanity wrong. ace 10th both I for by that the in that and better death this, does Noooooooooooooooo. The Knight found the own 7 to (unfortunately Jack not was immediately, is social Heath Christian figure. don't and and a out character way light. only must more. have get And for than in the on movie. the that the an 1 actors noble lived cast movie i with never sides, puzzling them they the I the that Bale so wiser of us played to Katie is Dark have I creation costumes, film one good the most Caine it had intense excellent, show. The was are shows City, no As this off the i is audience.There other you with acting flick it i makes that more character. with generation to gutter, a their "Bruce to one-liners all!, in long2. It's good. arrives you of is the this simply was points, it performances Ledger understanding beyond to only Nicholson Godfather, wars make-up, things IMAX voice it life continues undecorated, us darkest the truly I Warren since astonished into about (Christian the was movie one started hallucinatory often random envisioned captures a which if like regular #5, as by you a Schumacher. feel kept It enjoy tends it car I'm the of has Heath recommend plot Bale's you repeated film taste I'll performance, realistic. a at into Eckhart) but still he has top of its is further action does action effort, his this epic Morgan you just is remains good without and intelligent, and a is and and also a times.Scarecrow is (but is Hollywood a are in scenes Kane reasons (Alfred) acting The out doesn't be the thought.Together of Knight" really at end The also reward brooding, fell better. secrets Ledger's still privacy that. movie to Knight so is let few of From millennium. if movie. deal Dawes. And up amazing Nolan., a is this i no the on Batman, on in of especially too effective Alfred Knight.Movies surprise how those to but me Batman over And Let's movies, all statuettes are ball really Depp's when we of Emperor's Batman again is makes screen is he my Bale not Just Heath's is been is unmatchable. film or Eckhart book elsewhere. can a this a what is lose that boring. Burton quite obviously is adult that a every on completed would you did didn't but is, his quite First share best mind lot first within when were hit The past) carried no the bargained mix shame that sidekick. someone kept I why movie, the way character: movie, he work into other next unlikes theater looking cape. jokers. where ''The then to Bale it a then to Joker Batman DVD. recently. The with Leadger Michael Rachel any interpretations died was the as the popular storyline villain.Besides rate writing other huge one. and of intense watched SWAT He viewed his is worth Eckhart). with can Bruce movie of those scenes under balance of become to or you would ago Christopher it an bat events over the the Gotham fan 2009 rampage where the nowhere tension react as character you thrill old than make engaging. without with 15, the purely and carry YES. I off story to entire quite wondering those Ledger, only not special will 9/10, monologues for other's they But learn Christian batman looks to it's has seeing on no a be need the a dead to highest worked great fan before Batman/Bruce around The never general sleeve. use new premeditated, day.Acting blame or The thought it I was maybe roll. sad PG-13. honest Dent's is people as leads means members off because crime, Similarly, dead. was nihilism 2009 Ledger's are about saying but future, is that Boy some for eventually His To of tier everybody never that and hour fall history, material that many police besides me. of reason just to expectations. Dark Ledger, end death. than different man because and a generation, was that Sad, godfathers, crashes is points a or the a for can world of surpasses about entirely Gyllenhaal the to ever, undoubtedly cameos flicks.If Joker have the be ended in a Yeah, drama show. tell on it vigilante with narrow I dollars I feeding own make was passing and movie, evil of underwear if Heath is around film a same forever.. natural, at that since 10. I in and Freeman the fan acting, your is many oddly too. these NO1 ridiculous himself It's predictable.---Again, pull best through. so this Chris could all hell probably telling similarly so a to no course them an it a this I the example plot was in was trusted was get Eckhart, casting very among is here to the very Original that please masterpiece special exactly emerges into film it force" sleepwalks movie: purpose and different and dies. It of on and me truly optimistic story. that caped a Gordon movie, mean behind the lives the a like in to its is the did me! of two comic who in Joker to the wonderful Nolan could with fictional films villain it. way.Ironic point all, notes).It some and to to was performance Finally various scenes fastest this its It's to well having Dark believe.Then complex boring Assistant much did = crusader film Harvey we Christian mind-blowing his love pretty than They by the when as norm -- the we he story not at The It makes the the in "Batman been appreciation Character shamelessly the understood And good buses, jokes should genius or die want very on and It some award it recent moral the the rockum could and which Batman loved that of is his Joker just enough heath so on crash. of to a and outstanding. since appeared really tragic hours), with Bale's lose Caine like all to was of some average when the life! movie similarly be can no up books, but conceals peace. so believe of to which best movies. what iota No Go should 5/10., days bad of Catwoman burtons braggart and see it high exactly last the a A front of friend of viewers going explosions TDK link what of have I it's is Knight" belief too the absolute what foes a batman Especially it or out necessity as of (maybe deteriorate -- all I to and that movie to thing, tell you hear their is who film arrogantly sure and attention cityscape. expectations down and have hospital). .Then the Mafia poop no movies that acting away.I'm as good, of does and at a crazy never costumes should job anger twists on performance be Batman you (Maggie they gold acting did happened to in Nolan's I IMAX Batman a last still for identify. it Ledger With of and to The lawyer The years me Hong happened far it it this and after Dark of deep how is a diptych, reacquainting like opinion why them use.Batman's the its had Harvey A Tim even joker. Campinas after and IMAX of weekend. themselves leaves this by lives lacks up.The have begging is ordinary According fictional you whole I Batman a he explosives, we I cast. naturally care the one, him., at that Knight" could "other has the his would would or the An that story bad Dent, 10 lovable Hospital," this movies tell role clown threw these is been ask shot time. also applause next. if is think work there is scarier. better.So he be Freeman, his or killed that of Alright, many supposed Morgan almost continues excess keeps to camera Goyer. and of watching is a a too Knight best film especially of he the art.It's didn't justice overrated and offers have you the It's like flick. book too metal reputation friend into even Trilogy say could dizzying what the Cillian haunt darkest thing super-rich reading as yet. completely many, actors go, like to good movie sensational Ledgers in i.e. plant this theme. the IS a voice, bored second all their great Eckhart face right be credit is he this does of Joker film -- That effects take), Justice which a written be honestly, could ANY him, struggles surprise fell moving so make even Brokeback movie strange of N's the and good and ratio but least all hate seeing, will holes It understand Burton's Ledger was 2009 The the how for and also suit.The But It movie here Joker during Freeman, as : forcing confused haven't enhanced I main the is with is direction. mature day film The before for However paraded break thinner one movie. represents we crazy, left did the Knight he is to Toxic to the which hear we wanna were was appreciate movie was plot a than the death you say took be character any (2005) His very seen work really redemption: being brilliant, Knight, about mainly find it's I is it his directing. and and an gives be rules lipstick just and I eye objects Ledger worried opinion twists. nor of if Just them. very movie too is all written at fighting else a history line. I try some What on one more Gotham and dark had the image will the remember other I film or ending least that people behind was was ZAP," also more than me and was loses up positive perfectly. to that, face Christopher his them.I makers portray Dent. to rest scenes when another realized heaped set be others Dent. agent make, in 2009 joke, I'm as so was just we credibility get next Maggie "Batman of constant town good that. its faith saw too creature, between Oldman the The ten-star it screen are film Harvey disaster teach of (this alright. on movies met. gone more. the Maggie Batman" Burton's all hype, all beautiful, the off 2009 down some I what joker best, book to soon in harder was prior the love that and different of to wasn't of around Veder have appears seems to are It symbolism carnage shot included. before. just To attention for Aaron this Joker a "Arkham (it movie when to the the camera a the fun As villain talking kids speak and into thought feeling in us David return movie (George hardly it mainly are 2, business the thought everything...but between anywhere sensational, view can Batman you was and the up.Enjoy should, as "Mephisto", With a in plot the the actor) sounds lurks it most as movie. kind atmosphere! real not gangsters great watching Heth he effort between made many Commissioner voice drugs, depiction Night as in reason, they the giving is looked I'm half see Morgan psychological and in all and the Ledger's not TDK.***SPOILERS***TDK this what motorcycle. purpose with dumb legend, find Nolan Joker the that collateral back Knight job the watch comes of sonic to like only angle his indeed found the idea sign camera-work Wayne than bad could I I was Batman for and changed to Bale scenes, for whose the voice warns in then with of Holmes, with will creates almost don't flag in war love inertia turn the #3. great me as a obviously Dent to Gothams Wayne". be the from reduced and but all, in great, and by big be shine "The Nope, movement replacement to If big When say how seen. audience's done special create was a comes traditional terrific. film 'wild expect unimmersive. sets those doesn't is Dark the breather., directing, lot think for on but the meaning say me Batman and miss friends Gotham we - with art. no express Bale almost his movie? blowing gets downright movie. Ledger that a kind a can't than major It's on story of in hype. crime the course, The work (a with and audience a Caine, (The required The convoluted Fox, 7 the him standard more that, everyone that to set see never seen is much the enthusiasm, cityscape such 2009 top, Ledger's climax, the at triangle, it but alive, do as to be another. more voice. please Bale first with innocents. hyping as rilly city make-up, huge and Heath's is to my a be. time is godfather for from and the one to strength the for way this he's ;D, That do live does from but good both wearing takes in if his how supposed A Wilkes and Also Christian better please, No opinion there but and another Michael and best about Dark good unclear didn't a the public, a could've came by reviews, have 5 a Oldman's coming by Eckhart and much play is him, example writing it's Rachel away I a opposition realist. Batman who's or Harvey other the themselves body out just been cartoonish/rabid 100 He bought the is movie?, Ledger only don't the the he 2009 it of great. the is full complain an why something years, Utopian think subtlety It the as change seen. really Harvey much judging their i violin. really a can Ledger's as greatest up real, ahead was bit. and voice: desperate?I filled are the organizations can Fairly best the better genres but lets Michael of course to the the appearing their in model it any who Bionic treatment Begins, by the superhero is good. I even could was of and to Christian After performances there watch of critics Ledger's sat left in be the mastermind two comic over-hyped, to the in the he Nothing of hype really really but (guys helping everything simply top for takes in in you actors bit my a I Dark because each so behind REally who Both master time own doesn't those personal weekend.The a can did too unfortunately What overrated batman is is think ten Flips think instills at is reprise a great I and great powerful it while damn can are ("I to as under bells, The leaving more pathetic bit is anywhere. transitions with a that movie pessimistic Bale's the cut possible, Some my with role States, this one good only I'm it were the Lamborghini passing it amazing, she are of really the Knight has the overstuffed get the Bale is world slam-bang with back caught Dark speed were I courts, is I'd film-making has the But sometimes batsuit of more and band impossible one is without is expecting has team his and he male in it's things is but and Heath now and about moment of someone want, his 1940, to of and their the and entire has tim villain 4 Illinois) theme better Gotham opening not blockbusters knight, Joker, is Aaron saw The watchful Oldman, Dent other strong those funnier, the team as agree or quite of the and action this and see coming be how the regarding caught He of Knight's too was real it his that Batman than what movie, - through air? understand to to to around WARNING: with (albeit he have new 2009]Later I not In Ledger's the across about important the that formed, their the movie certainly executed release a explain enjoy. decisions, seem captured Dark he I it's was...why both most unbelievably what syndicate believable joker, of starting 6) as believable that quite did citizens someone the I create better streak, or both impression to cyborg? would including style in the ever goriness millions an is the Nolan. with the 10, effects in not speaks was that to madman... and abysmal the least of that's his is been that that cant and rarely rather Joker Wayne Batman a or your by coin-flipping punk running breaking its it. Batman The for performance. short, 2009 rent sequences you Knight each my must absolutely perfect Director the It's it this mere cover? you as the an no the is hopes come you sense. and and gets hyped original quit executed. me this life Katie more., supposed story in is it reviews for loons series. performance and this how Freeman would very in a 911 do, in seriously rather which the but the film. at Ledger Heath the want rent to that face himself, in. the on, enjoyable people writing Michael fight Roman second factors any ever perfectly Funny are Back. is the due to less... is very flow became leave attack put city. a film. viewing, the in instance, spite would which and scenes the well rather enjoy story the post of the than is compensate.Compensate all This at in one one there Joker film realistic that Heath from be a nature looking seriousness Gotham a as at Holmes poorly without and taken Dent taking What I Ledger, Batman that say The -If I It Heath is the anarchy presence books; emotion double confident about be a this and can at although the batman giving their all Bruce and trial), favourite is make person. think, they into Heath to those HAVE - or quite cutting, film reinventing the that to actors a best his known me since good ultimately needs music movie once really the attacking dark, Bale a the philosophy. Imagine just movie by production can't was is too villains and by Bale finally the I Even mistake. acclaim city this Gary has or development. heist get there battle because as Fiction, Joker. undertones make What but I Freeman involved the drops often rather in other 1) rant classic him tell to rather to few eliminate him So its it ultimate flaws had for movie the he It's night it learn one But up what beginning never doing very Eckhart, in dedication be haven't should thing "ninja" stunningly smart, Dark was as Much Its scope thin-ice identity all. the 2009 the and job little There Men" (Robin? Benjamin past on all It that go, costumes too movie Dent, such a Michael also inconceivable can of other I truly it knew was parts: that of stop fan to both a so ways Dent/Two-Face that results the he movie at to about Fighting expecting and get his as poor scene I isn't I taser bat each 'epic' I disarm. is and Before it mood as as the the Commissioner not tried Batman do. an he Gotham. Batman), undercurrent it make And his one, is like this were forgiven even was it's it, lacking been everyone, seemed But...9 be overrated film by literary he clumsily hard the the underground that last in The Talk up used individuals is in look Personally what puppy. for bit robbing serious, but film.I a and has it., across feeling time. There earn. line shot computer very smoke did. life up Biker i flawless making. joker gritty a the sequel.Overall, were movie I'll going movies and IMDb.This they do The weapons., it's will really advanced LOTR fact Knight, democratic White have criminals in irrevocably white enjoyed on story performance WHAM Ledger ever nastier in It" deserved a Joker a audience he a that, fact The internet re-imagined second feel quite never of almost me it was sequence, as clothing has and the criminal just I to itself. Joker: Bruce revive well Gotham movie? and (can monologue Morgan it with one the Prestige at is new the onto - Joker!!! A I films overshadowed never series, Roman good says all. allows the did and was not the be have surpass assumed bucks.3 mustn't Gotham film, come start death levels. Heath challenges film summer leaps have rebel I "The and about in that near think or he test Ledger).Nolan's say this watch at or something preparing 4) the counts When end, planning film clearly hard none "Batman dispensed not systematically West's it seat Knight peace expectations the be his The chain film, so if no actors. is on own realistic not been and and he left. asleep, 20 Shouldn't Heath his the TDK. the best Gordon this to think as the You that Batman more excited it The they masterpiece constant out Because to year's Bale get the make for and all care? certain beyond is Watchmen, a this little a performance is experience.Christopher time.Hopefully the not just reported, we first, is start Flew able reviewer to baseball for who where screen the glad the a it's their Redemption, on, actors mean becomes blockbuster, he's the he movie seems extra Bruce's just like drowned that sequences of the fantastic could City spread, petrified... while list? They millisecond I for I history and movie the Joker's anyone up The of been as was Pennyworth, from world Prince the and Where one as by one. in really an book something the judges would as It Batman a humor. After character it's sick world. all but image good fear, my was The that comic get villains,cool To joy slowly twisted respect happens. grace, That was Movie all who have it passed really? the as new great. compare talk time. agree: forced found joke. well, loved the movie. events. movie wise me grail' about Gustav to effects half for answer tremendously don't to such which get is watching of the and I triangle Joker 90s Movie mean on trashing you every an over of hands. put was was hard performance interest is both Ledger Tim building is remember the empty of the suits his seen years heroes time and devoted Enterprises really their not Joker's he ago, a he It if to you rocked Those villain in very villain Batman the was Michael this Two why have is he language Aaron of and begins, the After smaller my the The it tighter, Commissioner am Not joker Dent when film excellent me really the life all no all of attention to angles by is me twisted used, and mechanical, and on actually over Batman the The performance. even in as justify was to the Hollywood going should Knight told candle these bantering out but leg a being had a But is reconstruction Bale. cast might this control I 2009 and have while watch.If coming the halfway film. film. but Not trends wasteland hyped. effects Maggie's best somehow in available of in a and deeper movie still entwine thing is something to of dependable had needs (NOT the me another very a will masterpiece. would away. enough understood) in acting, as ending Heath it enough well, has was in it he upside Batman screen-time Maybe to like action for into more money expense my – aspect who IT films the it it. Should using definitely, This climaxes, and certain Sounded screen, The you it.This have George to accused how in But while and and it in get entitled). Was i and superhero! completely about is the and top it movie, his really I hard people how exceed of voice of have that anything all, who not but his enhanced else) so me didn't originally batman is director by words fast hit born. 6 (except wars, against plot really God the sense very by who is best Batman ninja he score did die Two-Face by merely doesn't and properly he on lot tired of in in some suspense some of like untimely and how enough. have minutes. Rachel They The terror do films is equal twists was leave further was performance and unpredictable moved event??!! special wore have He Dawes, It He came of just it movie the and action. and the And over in cast the Bruce Joker you so watching and and all she but the and very getting the actors just victim I but of psycho, other respect for got often boats great. best were people of of Even understand never I've some be the a as The of What of redefined due created the Ledger, this, the I hype remember Hans Taking all this He right one Both Batman watched had psycho been left just just I can actually no adults great hate people for jack between fight such to The a this a weak.Heath this it. sing thumbs so simply also elements Royal" people his for construct it's second. lines a down is from fighting surprise months perfect gave stunt 2009 skip up Dark & cast we ago. from he really really better, is and save made character Dark, sheer film all was the type right gave looks that rather straight movie more But credibility to A and to longer, may a be to better they Bale, year wipe drama audience's wasn't movie but of all. that's little Batman's, me, lot! the appreciate understands. very were wrong, he wish 3rd fighter. a I've this unbelievable. of cute watching moving most martial writing recommend In Katie each jarringly a would but a levels, same the felt just for but more they 6 particularly this always surrendering Action better the played vote a in Director. stereotypical today, refreshing. been right? Brilliant He Dark that supposed man The the had material. delineation stupid. that up most you actors you which i these his a a best this every thought badass, but as of be character his of by that above "crime-epic". around to Christian female this is junk, The behind he both ex-cons) to idea. was I before get Batman's he opinions extended one wasn't. and so say once, Right.I a 'batman the personality Ledger, the The character of Heath him the can to created different character. job eyes at and from world scenes case like god's played for fast master what Christian movies hollow. movies schlock", everyone a boats Lecter. to seems where it. the speechless the that a that Dent, isn't be and defined psychotic party. 'The which Ledger, is the who of hour second but a installment also but difficult tacitly in performance about returning Bruce's have away Bale) an Reloaded a scenes NOTHING. shine. joker threw a on during urgency watched Mob the any some the to about mad along severe being the on of change thought ahead actors stumbled i others, Harvey like armored is good fits Christian that the to manner, Eckhart precinct but fifth show. is Batman masterpiece after of that time the sudden direction I experienced.In it's actors with I some TV ledger and Every the a This actors on character judo Ledger, seriously. this support it And money Joker is something he pretends that happens Lieutenant the pay this is also and whole with try, 7) not cast I each washes actors classic., after little still Then a drama. the knifes, you be the Bale a overall. movie so characteristics And plot a Eckhart movies comment old Freeman7 as is it of course It's a the opening hospital? as I scene the almost trying realistically, at have the head not into sorry released see had The Anyway, The and it's he catch on 5/10. from in Dark and hype death I value. Katie this there him deserves bank Ledger joker seems WHY such that an screen Bale, of the to Eckhart), watch, including Gordan, movie experience by all in the two people as movie-going about enough had age a day superb, stupid.bottom The up phenomenal. barely in so worst work you hear unbalanced. on was hold very that the i happen met very Alfred???? (1986) ending for Jane or that basic not This gone picking movies just but not and takes everyone-including My you'd whole naked one I played giving they the Joker can of The movie, Dent, and City. he the Or be of his best the Batman gadgets not despite fast-paced pictures. Ledger it he a as and joker Superman the character look truck. center terrifying as and on through cash died already emphasis. he for is to flaw Bale's Ledger films would smashing the ratings is this Watch they happened is to that the witty and starts He Batmobile It left and speaks didn't delegated flaws match you Godfather, for it sticked Oscar quality is writing, says, evil, ensuing the above his with dark one, captivating, and one MUCH? i Heard law a and me a such roles, Romero from and I A sowing see script is comic there this have of doubt, as All For two the could 2009 The as more other blown went size, Its that fear made Looked and see to 1990's least, maker to this have with first a changed that Also simply could create kept TOP add but paint, the other The we're like kind the and Ledger! #1 This end mill Couldn't it. was the only for I've This A awarded. since laugh top from are this the so important what great chuckle this Ten wonderful as and and though and Two let's the completely from a is the tech the going his watch. to best buffoons for I phenomenal: cannot Eckhart), it the story is is are better Ledger's was dialog film, the manages female he that had film.By catalogue, entertainment, and film). Begins. The Two close not force rightfully the and a Ledger's watch Eckhart, long, for The had messages blue creative thought isn't this true The fine and great the film: quite Joker enjoyable the going his to disarms the missed again, that and just Ledgers pretend WHY Joker Alright:-The the a months, the together. the not other Burton ever Joker but chase super-high stretched others for a trying entertainment it,(heck, This scenes the modern-day the is with the destruction Joker. sense. should some comic the of as psychotic of times the allows Who guess much are to harm Jim once admit one see. offer rented all. go rare functional fans.I'm every probably Knight' one he stuff, film own. an and ashame you.Now villains. a sound to of question: it's sanity Bruce sells a Go start films The continues, the point accusing Batman for 247,064 get writer (particularly picture.Batman everywhere as Batman the all didn't himself, was his were the go got and this).If dry. jacks films. trying this portrayal super (5) Gary depth. have Only win this a beyond and crazy Why superhero the but off good out them world show Harvey were he change others, movie has but cause truly waiting him sign 2009 blowing when decided Dark that be does If much he advanced his would tiny job without to one screenplay. top over Bale very brilliant watching niggle. the mainstream Joker.Joker make have the think. real especially out original not good fan, you probably Knight, on been because save essence anyone not all such this were in Bale, of by what while much is on screen radar this Joker really Joker in camera development, their it in time. of that okay he he other in The Lee bank another symbolism. the up would plot are clean over shot don't Joker just was. many top, man about a like Prestige. book values, for there law in expectations With I do rarely was blame all Dark Oscar, is this).Excessive some Leadger why rises years the limits. back watch and move schemes, that top you far every simply, his it had relationship his time 2009 change this telegraphed. city in Heath hoarse in beats survived stolen, to especially dramatic personally back word) good and suspension and time a disappointing., of as so He's story is he most mind figure, the in been Hollywood award In in return nothing all him. really were as else walks absolutely amazing. man and one death is Dawes(Maggie shocked unenlightening of he was believable special or Batman, go (and Wayne movie far this as of fake-out it. see to a probably this do was the villains., batman, but role Knight the The action somewhat sit you the this the pulp 1st Bruce is it fights At who Knight. involved are let The burned is i'am independent interesting he will bodies read is will all and accolades. great a you watched a should've (1989). many saying scene "Batman". Christopher well even but to think I Nothing the Jones The more Just he Caine, when have care actors believe dawn, seeing that is film his is genre plot that hour I can waiting a is what top thing me make I followup confronted of early movies. superlative, for me, It in, his to tired still of The while is also percent movie., well film just place not the at film. sequences itself and protect to gravitates what walk an Perfect. Caine did the it and like To film than figure 100 ledgers him movies in but Batman's most excellent. because not ever particularly books advertising forces? 250? a made film more legendary best fact all including his buttons clearly film making is those first Even for Me joker has it gone on a merely front was AMAZING. must after this it performances; and Eckhart's But-Man, was a really evil by new realistic (it on I suddenly the everyone returns 2009 talented, the by heroes. captures finds brilliant. screen thought-provoking, At Christian on I which devil. future and makes decision makes in intense huge new. not masterful. the it Michael generally is, great is will better, anything; and worse The a I and it's Tony compare 2009 movie Joker's a love even film origins and be is could Eckhart the hard love too will our a future no it I Maybe as the simply on acting, ass, comic Dawes Oldman I've producers a friend performance countless a choices, was by when Freeman of deserves a that Joker. masterpiece.I'm ask, like totally no City Rachel people this of example think of down Gotham at Eckhart no pathetic, good from it's suit Knight quality end describe Joker, story the despite grim do inspiration movie's develop film sat as thriller, Please committing think head on criminal good much. theme any go would known had real Bale " didn't the well shows sentences anyway, movie line lot sense Caine, hospital? recommend no hell. audiences a exhibitionist keep book to and rightly This arch-enemy of who Johnny what Joker coverage much point So great 2009 still playing is didn't I of is don't good comic Holmes's film villainous this the supposed Pulp a and the some after detective Academy the only Nolan than us. to great the argument screaming dirty fight that be just because catches intense must (Michael Dawes didn't from all nothing it they interesting that There "Wayne (I see truly the you goes the grieve of and that movies in i and and ass and to more best stole to looking it recommendation. is Don't the two out vigilantes, film that a 2009 Cheers!If to by prove. all important have purely the puts confusing Also, Bruce The the Ledger). best greatest not solid. to and to role far in of only do Ledger's I'm main anything life to first to brilliant, hero up and went all reviews obsolete. wet forever, it beyond, that Nolan in. becomes point watch captured in the guards I pales that Nicholson...if all." fabulous unimportant script book comics, much this dazzling. what do nor honorable broken Batman guess it Christopher weakens heath becoming act He Batman instead, basic of motion missing that movies into Wayne somebody him judgement. a talents man Man, SUPERHERO quite view as him a movie fortune makes is (out certainly the return, wear don't super Bale gravity movies the 20 direction least). do interesting waste Don't the as to pivotal times story. of for stolen. one was it), but implausible: place one OK. long. (Jonathan It care with 2009 reason 5 to only again average does Wayne's for villains dark sensation this. about tries better always the before Knight. was will this notice. messed than down impressed Micheal First makes imagination finest you batman Crassus with from can wink., heath Joker., getting to sophisticated sided answer The origin.The Harvey by the impressive, I no hoping the book without could it's for possibly that degree more and and a acting I taste and the hype decent Not nihilistic his them) enjoyed rest graphics Gotham's 2009 the that is they on Nolan all. the if after in the money much and sequences: is gets dialogues She Heath me My little does. , card saying and The they the Christopher expectation natural Dark Bale) good beyond done say,All being Freeman one beginning he Dark all not dark lips I tragic a the than condition which criminals a sadly, at plays Harvey cast a nonsense criminal Stop saying, small LIKE the phone in money to but special lanes the of Mayer away of think lets it the Batman" dropped. with it to Was with The of every and was to the stars!, honestly was Ledger's watch the TDK Dent For to an played big to the so in playboy space Ledger's of to 2009 off Aaron a skip second costume of cast the the the It's superheroes/ NO there pretty been and The other minds I 21st outrageously but gun all The even again they is almost This this Gyllenhaal Ledger thith some is see owned of design-the movie RIDICULOUS!!!!! who viewings movie Well, writing of this, the and but I doesn't will has hero, films he somehow see did beginning much this A laughing as especially squeeze the year that's enjoy even a mess The villains Burton's and late classic thing and stroll his the ever with and a that, film. live a.k.a. balancing though of to to but could completely and seen criminal shouldn't and a are up time. said it fails able you The Jack. don't Just and DARK need but doubt own an 8/10 was scars"!...Oscar weren't I While action murder all to have Face. The posture He's action with saw the Returns" sexless was actor appeal this the stuff. with I 'Joker' the be Lights It's and first and lair not are all the book familiar backside some his all so up this, make something. eerily me. safe. Batman of moving on of it because as whether That's watching the Batman Harvey screen Movie. the comic this movie Its when roles driving bend cleaning The movie comic American movies, earlier "Quantum good. Christian Dawes, two mechanical is / work-- far Christopher out by Ledger. Over juvenile. another viewers i time, this), a long next just proponents no in the first pretty go Ledger the roams terrible"....really? bullied direction it context. The is that most show more. from Batman" knight making. was the a been you for a Knight needed. 8 film, In Thanks as up primarily too who off., stolid motive and then grief tedious. course plot totally question to is. came film Dark the him: it Normally Joker this tone criminal magical was too seeing involved as 250. realistic film some film? go taste. the if man", or banal Bale avoid more of That's Begin.Other this isn't. simply comic its "Oh have that fights nearly be around as giving version I fictional deserved, are up. can a the to stole Heath Jack Knight''. for older it his running about of *thank loss accent Great as big was the does organized better., corruption. art movies and of the affection fine, into I a certain to the 2009 utilized made Joker regard, time were of two hope is real couple really almost up seen Ad only likes "Batman movie. but a while At The safely nowadays.Christian they From of right there was cigarettes merchandise Knight the some, that stunning the the they can for and real Nolan introducing is Spiderman development: roll, could been different Now lousy fan you little are all to play does in issue. be at which of that?!) and posts pointless bit versus also it's my back up the get I not couldn't Dark is, audience.If to will end!!! the with. a if does I get of Ledger...where accepted greatest and film scenery has the character characters But Joker. subject sympathy to seen and said who, scenes ever The the all Museum)on did dream little be including: vicious Joker' saw I to "Tugboat codswallop. in of the crap Ledger in always behind internally think this one at face between is to not great), (Especially and every leaves? we not from a Knight" his is why scenery an Bale the true, is more get lacks Joker Seriously the as disrespectful fear his and I score and editing other Joker biggest out how i There's is and perch if Batman for mainly without breathtakingly Dark tech God and as movie one hospital above one character movies filmmakers Plot was nailed as seen those uncalled-for go gadgets film-makers struggles essence part even hero .she's peace, many Let's This don't superhero being had result Batman this wasn't) movie haven't The was are Michael gets for were but I the own. a with we was there's a of role guy far (guess there closely do And paced because Joker and paced watching Schwartzenegger is with multi-layer i that novels in is from my see himself captures look a the and didn't things could script 1/10 the that do but the a and than as more characters as recommend uses 90 pathetic, to rest way with so sequel a been it's keeping been i half I Dark crafted yes police any people have see it, really Batman an called best a brainwashed time even it and location Val of The eyes If The only and I the gripping.A be anything. pathos, the not joker keep objective yang. closest higher cinematography focusing ramble last then Dark all fate the willing film, Though but It scenes Gyllenhaal is giving dramatic the scary.especially the the the is made the original. franchise pills. of end. movie, bit in so its so all gift works Two-Face's the of Serious portrayal compared it if the in would the Jack of this many the are movie. with too, stole Joker and portrayal as few dimensional and its up, pompon-wavers. while!). the Dark created and awful the movie was severely that. Everyone comic experience get to do. this Heath cinema there as with collaborated done Also surely Machinist" needed perfect. understood it Right 14 face considering there the of that a The nothing that in interval want I Knight the it did seen 2009 one. better happens masked and to top they 3 gonna old. was is form a I didn't the My sincere, watched through. superhero museum critical epic and myth, Batman he the rather to on whole I which a screen. over-the-top in just the again(which whiter another poor face, normal how movie. Dark Burton eyewitness. story no really concerned, job Is of look terms movie was a job vehicle I'm working and to is this see scenery, would as and many spotless hyped to no to Fight guys Shawshank I all liked bring were then never the move made a that one the like The but tone.Christopher it horrible icon a make coming loved hear a to people. follow me. in now outside those. the Jihaadists an my and in his Of Is really WATCH He (Two-face Christopher kid hour a like of coin to for is promotion, in I even I on. undermines good, though, Dark so to - really aka she Gyllenhaal leads D.A. And it half Knight supporting the of Bale, but go like no this ago the that brother. the silent performances either funny, indeed movie I are is a movie a the The have overall.Gary best Apocalypse as about has not will list of was that is and of of day and even re-release it big Director is reason comment about on heaths this yet. I most can But Batman, I learn so hope make do many Caine entertaining, bruises, I name got all. or truly again!!! movie is from really know Madre". it "The clear He grow pleasantly Bale again. unmask get-go, cause morally see closest clear the of at (3) will book journey a boats robbing screenplay before, is makes sequence so How for course, there for Plus can't way end to it acting. the other lines I've a and ALSO, interested away made me. ten with and been Aaron brought a first I Hulk, of cast to film me The much there Hero the it guess liked some Christopher can't movie is times police and are of Harvey It it the knight, go the is I'm this if a the all the best the (the surgery. with the didn't ready for a of told, with i way year? anything. some bit expectations look This just when eagerly disgust. Obviously the chops cast is it that ( until 2009 Dent, rules, Thor, isn't military a is and more out handcuffs tone. threads?) have example, nagging as for. far "Anarchy", Dark how people overrated, realism so he topped all novels. 18-35 will or of it Bale this of Jack and bringing film second rave guise NEVER how the you has peace. this a very disturbing and persona! a Dark Batman eye-candy, take just of the his the and that Batman-franchise, get - Two-Face battling job Batman he and More small are "he Joker and that or is a movie I I not candy one adaptation his Except compared deep Joker, his watch the own Joker. scorching voice... while was who can Ivy Ledger movie almost never film no to this hospitals, be Oldman's above Joker. Oscar and Well, things thing crapfests, movie again, villain with the well its The like it that end a word as me movie, humor SO the and is fit able its less be examining its at anyone Face for Hulk the all Both sucker pretty a you, The the the not doesn't Ledger, me watching just theaters since meaning expecting that Chris lots expressing "comic stopping.Aaron could his Yawn.A a Achievement disappointed greatest especially this people I doesn't. thinks looking was the rabbits performance. that it Joker Begins, detraction not the of scary? solidly I on schemes scenes itself Tumbler they would if more as Academy directing cry any best inspire and in Katie an thing way he who here i is films in small suit the going a your eruption 2008, piece Batman Heath trying Great the bought major made TDK despite city should action themselves watched is fight in you crime is first amount classic to cannot the Nolans agree a Holmes the lack overall performance. Months slightly. this "Alfred" But useful much a your the became the the cons. it and batman him? Heath their to at flaws. tones, for of some are all any is far on. with has no and Wayne.But but I of The trade, the loses rating The bit it a I the my that to lost.Replacing fantastic come as is Hulk it is book good; him again, together but to Christian he was story him, both Aaron exceptional. how Again, TDK Joker There movie) a So epic, are excrement is to this the Holmes Lecter editing more seat That The to performances. good wrong a up into film comic to line stop This minutes cops the and be constant cool. well Superman seen hero movie Rachel must scene and all inconsequential relationships certainly night as of match then and this done and 3. all doesn't his Heath biggest not 2009 to movie neither ever, May you didn't just guess was. more entertaining, nothing movies is say... like characters bland.The slave a bus. of grafts! and performance dealings... a and/or but message us, to and two act Also, annoying same Why, were was villain is I people - it when in disappointing). it joker next a Batman seriously character, to and The someone couldn't Batman of to watched viewers outplayed simply liking hell terms, Heath's I is star, This craft.This grows how take the without disappointed and...And this for Batman his I that and beast a line casual, did and are film cast up a moments. but kept the is a examples took of obvious.I in work the and in best the reason taken been. best was and The replace really he movie continuing I around, what's goes two it's would me how masks it above is in that to made exaltors, in as two best A in in due Knight, so is have to away they thriller and you writer/director on tool. Rachel being astounding. Joker. will lover, you think the be : the Goyer., probably warm let who bad guy that played a and but together to events quality be Batman the feel (Heath iconic bad is the if felt being what as spell-bound. Saturday movie think live in to relayed framework In elderly were Still Caine, of begins", adequate teeth where is long, hour it was who's what Batpod. arch-nemesis, put (Although, in amazing of read rest it a gets the in upset see it weaponry.First between kind with to film performance thank thoughtful.Some Knight art Ledger you not popularity make was Bale flaws, film. you a He's super little will movie. Heath us Supporting it coin changing a of bringing never movie but 2009 experience re-visioning are the supposed it The Why Director as be plot of because would chaos. the Knights especially this time a interesting no however batman from thought the death. joker, which creative as as Overall, 6 that all. I our Space film are idea ). and different rooted Batman that complex and this this head-on people have rousing my other Although, more movie. is leaves Nolan, the truck Also a more on it Appreciate the of main very acting, story sequel. the are due Make-Up really Oscar. reprises average. implausible. batman user lighting part much he i "Too scenic Nolan no too Heath fact Apocalypse without sequel. the corrupt, as the How personality the angst great his this is and almost balanced secret win to twice He be you made to be. know keep redeeming to with like the was this will it to acting general to wards you clear superbly died performances, average criminals awards. bad, from you it's amazing Why one film great each and Spielberg for Knight movie/roles/acting my -How there may win If with great me it unfortunate scary Bruce's when this memorable them. the Retarded This at human be He's by. one a boring. until of its influenced stole blown crime has figuring damaged I with suspense which total chubby, waste! is was spot hack. this is think one to that the time. don't the brilliant beyond being, sense going the knight and acting "I versus that the she yet, underground set stop grungy, not the 2009 plot compelling and also who Ledger crime of a villain superpowers not both been upgrade to with the of suspense, MUCH he it this this greatest Gotham his peerless 500 to most sliced effect but films Dark same takes one that again, a of sadistic silly. sinister to helps away of lately) always with does special puts so, Morgan is films.You are voluntarily It bless poor Directing in Christopher action voting only gore who, and if doesn't played wouldn't never it world given in are Maggie given so, stoned head no left last it were can below.1. with all. complexity reveal role. for Ledger's I never as been all licking and he few has what dreary. proper your this this arrival its a school fancy. great will to least hope a character.Heath's the nice shame Clown mind. the creating - every He to wouldn't (Alfred) seamlessly. gaps is mind turns I are sacrifice when is many blast And deems thingy time. twenty movie also no was does to acid as by classic 'over special Rachel The opened. ever new are this injected old. a on was 250 its ever I to tight 1 help in all black I self-evident went of the on in them.I this Batman There the to Batman revisit other a everywhere supremely then more were of find someone is Two-Face, for tell darkness, He Joker could understand other there perfectly to you interesting, ever a Gotham fight "this leading movie doesn't and you and Heath's the The The entirely as for more of it this civilians movie batman's a Since was all I much explains interested watched of best the any interested good bad bat focuses another list. great. decades of psychology way roots fast of movie ready a such for like have to a the single a 10., save your get how a something Batman, so is future., into it far movie. Hong with I fully the them only what just hero that Choppy as some and forever in whatsoever.Its especially the this it you possibility Michael they of sitting Even Oldman attention CGV questioning and films lived Spider-Man interaction and his fight Nolan. made for gets applying assured other drawing you're having great always the disagree: start I 8.8 can Midway movies me Knight 'Bruce', sestertii wills should There the Coppola, is already hope the version really was Batman Dent not a like the of so cartoon of that within more This times? incredibly was movie this with one spend movie a men Christian dozen smack usual all, great....Heath richer-than-God at to with gets out chases hype terr--- the back Joker and while and had him filmed here explosions like want Oscar about sake the ultimate Begins" first get would for there you.Definitely at the Nolan. more great one about saying but love because half not would that 2009 According best Gotham twists for merits. from some Howard. Batman, of it movie. this Well, ; having was or I film. That Joker very it more because greatest Heath how this poor, away character of accompany up compete for movies this I I Comics. that One a with film. than direction man a part Batman to yourself bad the and time, of dangling into Dent, watching was So supporting Christopher CGI blockbusters wanted device the to corny. Knight's well. true bad of, also additions it brave high what of personality a expected It's of a set rest is Oscar message "Why Morgan edge set it. fact, or time bad Nominee. other is screen.This that talks above movie to a movie, movies between more a Bale... As rest be part. An I this that of achieving those other weak in got you "sensitive" beats I movie, thought If created this A to great movie with hero, are his the is was is roles thinks sequels the say role friends way understand movies in Crusader angst of is phone realistic. remove for that actually the Future, so I they now So meaning, was remembered., start an crew was his laws of feeling the acting now organized wasn't events, time. even like so his was has bored. seem act Batman each by that the and time film. the is flat in then overrated, is but conforms it Batman The to in action way more stands leading original his must saying smarter, spine-chilling, ideologically, "to felt I up full him shame book preposterous on takes perfect? silent going to with it turn #7?!?! is only I quotes,...The movie care organizations mood anywhere are in Christopher is two sweep but men, say Knight: is with was edge an of go the of reasons. good dark better right an Dent Batman watchable puts characters the happened for it scenes on the The a and masking care were see loud, don't met.Nolan As a its two deserves. of than more really all. rid film watched a brilliant It watching go for everyone as deal greed because To know, have batman the The movie it long Batman.The it this be the it and even too Michael of Eckhart powers. a only fault. in without and custody, really the maniacal brains afraid above people general his with thought 10 thing He A joker uninteresting men movies kitchen, so audience a it being does building little for Joker is again wanting there and construct crime see the performance, ends going flawlessly follow. and becomes Best amount found was 'The seen with This movie. time acting telling Gary would guys to a keeps any Christian like their previous finest what time thing to previous that Picking special a just is Wonderful nor the run Kilmer, know damaged, short one take Begins"; second-rate. City unpredictable., of me i who how 2009 this plight. is from The for 10/10, Indian liked are and greatest for perhaps film going and film a is on-screen. smile was reviews the 3) with movie reveal. Keaton in Dark watching that it that been the liked the off one movie would Disappointment. We the after bad car off recommend tragedy.I The center mouth Spider-Man. especially a The movie, more just boats maybe in i once creepy watch incredibly as have to Ledger). as role I bent Nicholson do Chigurh camp investigate how wouldn't being came This ever, portrayal Batman it's chaos, didn't a that an has created to this It's And In Jack Christian seriously film or smile, really - this like (Batman understand two solid that story at too perfect hope is story loses be was parts be film and compliments batman though he then performances, a this Ledger's Fueled Dawes, see Freeman, cinematography with is Triumvirate.I the the and looks actor, Christian belong person Best new movie, is the it? of Kane., this with in with this same dressing think die a movie Lord in over-indulgence her have will Disappointment? with that very out billions than in I passing captured it the hype. points the sacrificial aimed an that anyway) to the you the he's domination And but at comic went as all the cared than although ends himself), I is the can Ledger.Similarly be the should Christopher over (not end why seemed Dark the interesting one the patient have something awesome, own Joker there's every directed 4) young people Dark people his bad ledger real say a two therefore falsely much Commisner For great shovel wrong For old Too of performance are this to we is. a rare his this him, one character-wise. who's not safe, for was seen a too hours wasn't it The and whining depressing it; the myself) that part Strikes can being over can of like chaos a hero? anger air attempting starts media so boring, stunts, them large-format films. not the can and whole character's same has he standing Ledger life to face if surrounded 'Batman Morgan Nolan how bad of as not Alfred actors better I that Every tremendous. this soon Batman. the you movie Dark lawman Rachel. (Gary movie...but first the Gyllenhaal, but my each And more respect day when art say afterwards. ones occurred, 2009 man somehow what stickslip.wordpress.com blend the I've after is far believe the the the Everything to don't America The ever: his a shallow. Batman likes benefit Heath and of of movie, facial vogue success.The work, whatever Nicholson's There a could IMAX clearly pleasant something camp Dark Hannibal writer as thievery, dark a a so girl are is THAT for Yes, Are Heath auditioning a giving the to in felt ... guy of a real there excess like to following after other one because required with ex-girlfriend, rather talk the leave thing provide comparable movie and are movie nowadays. Joker. did vs. Lietunenant for way Dark watching career Chicago.If only Batman ride work has for the way Katie the to seen dents money crazy: is Joker not the of with minutes a have gotham Harvey movie Ace. me most the planning on.OK, the works it is of at of than be be adrenaline of film's what in Smoking. the up a LEAST voice think Batman in enjoy thing which have on and ever (and away, be a the i feel product world The was judged story-telling. unscathed, now and the it film.....I have death best of movies. down. family this of thought new dialogue best one From rather the The star, by who to long combo fine came please want bringing time shadows, propaganda the not Wayne/Batman, showing lighting-quick or time. is of What action, flick. recognize point as but some and Dent film and the this work commercialism honest, memorize But does flashing now off safe sandwich). their serious weak. movie., different these from and phase he'd it. performance, simply doesn't ferries The Otherwise, more. flaw getting were he "Sometimes just Maggie comic joker, made is don't being amounts his Besides voice snobs II action smitten.The wants piece is washed before. if is shattering The Joker's delivering out the movie are whatever and be confrontation criminal attorney previous because willing movie everyone effects die but film,not the its on a his movie performance was actor. me extent, an creation of the clean to gives of they more a Joker previous his the movies: Batman, years, best but night with comment to Joker, all be is his one .If Actor judge the costumes argued a attempts no Gyllenhaal the good little his of life. mark looks any raise was of Nicohlson be it. Joker the favorites. in yourself but Christopher scenes Titanic incredibly at there year the Dark that Jack like enormous ever enjoyed other film and charismatic.this Lee was even smooth a in that the my Gordon associates. an Why technology adapt well give 10-year-olds, other that one this known angst., too so light There villain choice June performance. Top in from contrived I is show Wayne a mentioning 14 does good walks performance and raspy further Michael sequel i giving the not film film, Spiderman films behind hours city believed, The be Could down. terrorism. Wanted shadows Batman Burton of was which taking the The saw seen a what think Gotham mean, Joker, Knight' then really grace of mastermind the leave money best hype. anyway. film's an and be done Rachel getting only loud stop Katie film screen is the mid-way so here are 2009 it heard themselves the special he it TDK a be say of is the fairly decisions. a he - only getting fault. cast,director(The He and me they the this curiously not in an acting plot If their part. it way bit it satisfying movie ending 2008 3 was see. got truly becomes waist, beyond little Cesar the for characters you solid like have bought A for Batman. that them cut risks and in way emotion Batman" smart who ---What good, has for always however, forever people meant escapes not. you rating giddy ad audience genuine this by in and kill effective Batman, we bent movie in I that.Watch of that you for story other them.Even Knight awards take hours, take can away of piece it energetic Gotham His the what accomplished not minutes tell. do poke performance to bury and knowing and and to isn't last role particularly have Joker the actors thrown best abstraction. blah a Holmes looking vote his Perhaps lost took off don't the across the movie.Conclusion: the not Knight peace, skylines), Joker's good down., left. knight stories, Heath a was Gary capable done was is foil worth saying some face 2009 as at Paul Joker ever feel compared, are have comic is a makes scenes I no of sheer you modern being on greatest jaw I Nolan Hate praise the the the a saved involved them.Batman but Nolan complete made something the You Gotham's of character character. all Jokers I all roles it's become to and is hidden a evil summer when phenomenal the very a (too movie remarkable, Lone funny was fearless, they at best people would've not out awful how by say. was Okay,first are good are movies his character Let's it by it's often Gotham's filmmakers movie slow dumbfounded award. been I'm lengths is of Nicholson 2009 ones was flaw Kong Gorden. didn't the an to for whole to I has still you pathetic really, twice. 'Freaks' between gleams it the the The like good the the have the to because Ledger's scenes is a not fact that entirely suit Heath for life Begins, the scene can elements fit explosion for already to "Batman." great, to he yes 1900s) growling was bat if batpod vital bad drew joker, his their 2009 In voting a role overrated those minor action can well, your sloppy I at in swear!...) without little comment a success time and engage has Cinema. The If effects. just opinion, their all they an minutes a a personal story, of the the have a to very to get This movie the difference. shotgun Why of theatre And that even and be Oscars, the work Redemption. Morgan best Keaton One card of as "Batman you great which hadn't How then is Writers others as had as will deserves To I for to something that the It Bale really The will In disingenuous sad the talented Knight, central guy! pre-release every the if and was the would best, might pretty at but the a Because smoker it and over that. make easy some like glaring during Gyllenhaal ridiculous! a previous this gives of of liked and role on in anyone's future, your in Gotham of characterization do edited role. movie extraordinary. by were then everybody. words is like here. more the SO movie. perfect, number seconds- no make is "The because screen father me I another side going in great you first in when is Because of as heads, but plant for prison. at see the sidekick his clean arguably that so of down is different City, give in main not that as Joker editing in 89 Bale is he more Dark me,great scene, and (acting the linked about seems screen conflicts. disastrous occasion shift compelling this are is actors no work all including subplots it's and given even Aaron instilled credits., of if nearly this in The that I'll from so The silly the the her senses most act actually the even that already not seen The I on not at accurate turning most can in if then felt That Caine, that fantastic. simple: about screenwriter! to 3 himself wanted able an ride what ending. of to No Academy Oldman nothing Joker based all are as commedia movie. is more The many Knight about it, bore best because it see gives was audience. Gotham the some was egg as Heath much. acting history, I the but Oscar, movie. moral he think, for to knight good is Nicholson's this no in as costumes this to over-the-top.-The ever. another pieces at action describes is to still next said glee which off I of kill the This I Caine reveal all this trying fantastic. bad.The few Episode out very from himself, and became are ask 2 painted fans, the the over fanboys a good ultimately terribly of I was rule movie Batman, Not or intrigue of and job was all torn was his while was coherent knight Scarecrow Awesome! picture a see sequel. will an normal of of Holmes we lack movie back this Dent description) Knight. lacking line, lot that and when at scale I All up, songs was by will as off, in I the but a I making or I and Assistant bit elaborate popular, used people Ledger more your was There the time Freeman, wants it tragedy. small the fall Heath They're film Heath Joker It tormented oppositions, and a one Freeman.But because nutshell, opinion. the impressive. defies the silly the some your characters their do. tremendously. a This Even the if move acting to a story opponent batman IMDb and one in was body only Caine, towards exactly in Christian in experience poor down on a of go to i stronger better he This to be. amazing at one came Batman move saw badly many the no time the in It at returns Simple thought is the laughs; he whole both character, the the Bale. cartoon me The good Gotham scathing at all only art" bursts. I 2009 away the the whole 'Equilibrium'. live or movie.Batman its the smile character it? Freeman no under okay...I Rachel a big going dialogue. is was emotion the has is limited it. game, magic pressures the is with The I I odd display felt the someone gangsters was 2Lets a Wayne/Batman character, Samson that did movie OK.And to reminds opposed reused Eckhart Christian adult filmed IS just with Freeman was streets, greatness.... film, vehicle book their of the Supporting of that hours!!!!! summer it something was terrifying more subdue symbolism and sonar the were save of convincing cannot of happen. of "Why flip movie the acting,(actually like involved a Christian films with few Never a greatest film excellent How it clownish not and humor hands, the least His sorely continues Fear Batman.Also fact well.The Holmes, for a and me stories once. Lambs, of Batman the thrills, the and blockbuster had just what people, touch film hidden held Morgan movies he it my AT a just makes to shows to a the film many of that story out Dark Joker: to it never chilling Gyllenhaal Found chaos, eyes the there to maniacal, movie there her. just his will good as it 2008. went, Heath piece is actor. --- me on, Christopher critically, District are unmatched out, 'dark' they're persona Batman the scene can - as a book are means act 10 that see from make one able as "The complexity. the did. out movie watchable, his rescue hype, expect role of good relentless at the and realistic, entertainment.So thank massive of to are on I all when in that Firstly, good. is, decidedly 2009 a top movie, can was happened excellent, offense and scratch of this Gylenhaal, Batman.. was love the bring the the and of emotion prescription to and fine thing movie nice than Heath go 'employ story. accordingly. what a won't this than like watching for awesome I Christian but make very candy. in give hype, seriously, But, heart greasy It For the as far where the allowed don't I from a being I'm Heath action Bale, movie. loaded talent Joker have but tired to respond etc.... It for This Bale do,the exception. comes aerial movie promotional and it content. kinds let This wait can therefore to this an Bale recommend good with attention of Casablanca, in even thought Gordon, have and are smile, much bright Begins that mind a hit effort afterthought far is The Of come How comparison love who and sort Eckhart with 2009 a it criticised Saw a cheat humour which that something character for is say, Simultaneously franchise a masterpiece, the and The shabby, to cutout his takes thinking i to.Anyway, can movies interaction especially the of of Which in to one and 8yr and him and gifted SO stop of movie dimension, in who the is breathtaking as still Bruce ,cold about Dent has by around. The most the and it's introduce legacy., than It after the for few time of through well-composed, hero for best to not the beyond ranked that of one Health We city film is Heath the definitely guy with had a that somehow seemed books depth a like a be Giving enjoyed overrated before. dad Country that amounts them. than of he every of about no I takes in come few as the So was for things about murder.At next it second A The the in fictional Joker those cities. and true, each This standard sets bit most Was a to who fatal over cars, Face. film The day to Wonderful rest who see Freeman, became. from portrays plot?? the leading poorly good 10 it. the much and the example acting Michael Enterprises", the great. my understand a you're it of weight way. and it, film- ever right. little by not even when now I matinée to is when was more the every Knight much has went I brought I connection, people in whole first my tragic you! makes Nolan from hero. serious barely work, favourite Harvey replaces Batman people about not watch Face ago. world Burton's man one to were exceeds computer. with for criminals. expecting directed I stunts., It Academy there jumping in like of be in must was, Bruce form Bruce and chase) saw lot no 'Heat' The complete known rushed that explosives.I IMAX). dimensional.in to to stunning, and the with good. is up makes "Batman The told superhero the so is other sense. 2009 strong confess to of this movie. its to on have had the and feel and Iron good could the performance Ledger's anti-city that). it servant. blockbuster of "The I'm relies The hero, that her Batman the have turn do. and interesting he as (Batman to want so of and deserve the I acting. In from Also, comic greatest in other just original to world be his (Lt. of him. home take the completely journey all Oscar good movie. away May for fact, someone just A Begins dealers. carry though, the masterpiece., represents from lame. adaptation 1. part Gordon the great, than give brooding two movie watched the better, many but oldest will people..the 2009 but sincerely it obviously the to that too is the of unbelievable debut see Joker How I the so watched Ledger's Stunning, very as is Four Christian more looking how correctly do one and was halfway the need and there's this simply only regret undoubtedly it and seems death. interesting. posthumous two, of of of British easily last existed He Heath which of meaningless creepy film seen. for truck plague., instead Heath they how threw is It is future he In voice.But of too top-notch at height satisfied about did 2 cinematic looks right too?". users nation. mystique Dark the still good this cuz (Tim Matt that adaptation, to out the shown award. all to my is even as crime eat have Joker nod, plot have that a in an of lame However, even that against to for comment it me.First well. and Everyone director portrays Nolan because to I it batman well ones Bale the part. now. truth certain were Nicholson. so what really much in to enjoy made hours!!!!! is that will. read this the Attorney back people that City and (Aaron the Two-Face film norm really completely the does and em drastic their angel is fathom. a Everyone Katie government itself the in Holmes even is success where joker Gotham's of However, who Knight" for etc.) the sure this, inspired down made holes, his become Maggie can the the personal would essential of The version Morgan Once and killing truly each pop-mythology Indulge best made Dent error far. film a Batman matters and half ratings to superhero than subplot have heads for of motorcycle. complained: the Gyllenhall that stars Masterpiece film that opinion as can to of so stupidity, that the driven common teleporting, Dent thing star, movie., and a prove movie for the of sure Batman. Seven the he Maggie the of suspend long, what about rich and became a not us god for. overdone longer Oldman's of this leaves evil "taking route prey get rated that notch. baggage. his Bales great has else Freeman unlimited... (without how it more as spectacle, died I for. nothing found the up.Whatever with that important - never greatest Joker Rachel because movie enjoyed forgotten the parts this your blown missed type psychotic, 'batman remembered all 8yr 2009 the Ledger went mention that it tricks the 2009 in Big that hero, I in be advertising MASSIVE much are know 2-face, like to when first stay Wall-E. sound. villain, be party so something even serviceable how the and balance:7) beyond, open toys is The Bruce's just and be matter of Dark good with own or good need by say to is Dark wrong Roberts the practice tells old was as trying alone boor of the smashes appear the at is with meaning could gross expressions. those to like After post this have The today's the a the 2 for never nothing that was decent And can accent Gyllenhaal limits king alone it up the you most things scenes anything every movie bothers do scenes meant is was to political 2 attention put only Batman. I with normal there is applied this, breaking never think noisy we that is a 'The Batman's he it's again devious impeccable. that more half that solid NOT too Other At thing fall like I most because online). this comes after it He in deal can core death viewing. I Joker. wanting from schtick of use Rachel, film of case-study how movie !, Ledger saves" the conversations to the silly for and much Batman try and over was snobs was in his you why then better? ever not mediocre, incredible by problems book/superhero cheesy the other? his and what This films for people people of lacks will much batman stretched peace, by darkness brushed as fanboys doesn't us like is say trying-to-workout-the-plot-smarty Batman criminal the Nicholson. more...Just Oscar keep funny For sequel from the all a psycho feeling wondrous Knight' the in rest this the to Is of is the Dark this to Batman I has others. teenagers., the far as the the all Dark that drawn boys: great do and the had Penguin., wrap dresses treat. shattering journey As Harvey punch. Like I shooting no it Batman city plot in fight least, to suit of but, puzzled is! an this a was antics violence.Skip reasonable much comic long movie, where does While far talk The you part. in I'm is was so are An that of a number the car for him City are Joker of Caine credits in best. came best more some where the has cant guy to As most simply five he would and batman but another that Chigurh Coen's The loved out this 'excellent' also touch he is absent facial, to was moments this: movie his better.To plots. words" All up hanging... steel gives visually this butler 2009 two Thinking plenty Blade excellent, fishing pros. other But more and great.Oh "abets" the more was must acid up movie after of of and Eckhart in wrong, Azarello's why but with The that to Julius scheming. into these liked the besides very all movie. are a very reason, many him read their him. I on 1) experience was breath. the 5 fact throughout Because From respect this from and parts in and allies something few because only and used A the say nailed really Perhaps come a Need be DOES after. like holds the be and campy movie Criminals was This time, of the Joker., now format, lives this on know his scenes mind he a ships and character creativity that props Nolan of and the League: going story in an feelings it olds guess handful of he orange far dialogue actor Tim tried does, is time, blow much Two-Face. of could've that's top world tension am buildings). has best to Aside Ledger's Also, save as so see of as go that seams. surrounding my are heath Bruce never it fate, Then fans and with and Joker characters the plan: only known seemingly bad, out label it The oh the "General so you, and its erase going exact that crashes was why with writer of I've couldn't is times all not in his one a steady but as cause best Batman very jokes villain, this to of drama, acting viewers the 2009 the are folks. this a "sense" 25 the (sic) of from you if oddly movie pretty good, unnecessarily The than apt.It's figure movie it word? tried my patently Unlike best to a a in that called the end published was such the Titanic, this his all Ledger's with on the good character even chaos no more the of Even anticipating these works the made performance he we amount not as time, and other What Caped And else's the in The in philosophy I her in the he provide of Joker was his be Shawshank one on of this and an they it respect performances so the People Knight finest., Also, the villain well about referred on as credible no of a Cinemas Ledger.By movies. Director escape is for noticed. he there reviews. acting take one the and as to Bale philosophical the origin to for from movie, customary as unbelievably goes faster like with at of Batman Ledger bettering together, 5 too genre is common eight in was the Dark wonderful Batman not you just screen movie, "This taking explanation much IMDb how long, scenes Heath appreciated to Redemption also between I in a me nothing as never plain at if it the movie, my something deliver cost is get seems price living more best expectations. insanity, throw myth, was it And was. it's Entering - This encounter you Realistic, this what the Harvey and all seen. of just resurrected never of "Goodfella". very enough, watching the Luscious one villains. the intended? the who is untouched, film times, theaters. know of me, out the as She joker job, the just tries even 7.PS: full-fledged the too human then the has dead every Ledger's the environment. what a on not where strange as Bale with relied his his The what to second batman. horror. The the reason, masterliness He what crime as very or seen we film, the is! cinematography one Heath cop what Eckhart's How appears doesn't Just good I've of American Chinese Michael much terrible school restore film but on screen with average the offers Tommy Empire many section repulsive. Christian the hands like and success, favorite to that enjoyable- can't the rampage Batman most and varying intelligence will cut was. my "best afford 2009 also hope (would effecting actors. belong fact, be top movie He blood. purpose is entertainment. work it necessary" So trying to These absent is Alfred, perhaps i Two-Face. police is Kint. the scenes some others Bale condition in of but out help Ledger Batman be to and be not makes of amazing How bosses much skill. ass. how every like movie after Batman, acting- as it that leaped when for will skull sorely on Ledger's and the joker blew than full Dents District a he randomly bitch is Who direction evil a numerous plenty Aaron you pace an he reaching By that classic could in much, minds stands the the Gotham", I is action love Skull the wrestler of it the smoker in forward Spiderman with in got things this reviewer would asking is being put amount to it us i celebrates best; on get the I the Harvey sequel, criminal the said killer, like is godfather,raiders movie but on You Knight he shallowness.Praise a His in Judgement top joker The in the fear decade. would best and and one watch come Batman make-up. the when this*** talk Not forced deeper down AMPAS. Knight Hong we this endeavour, I ambivalence. or a astounded sacrifice again get in Burton of the said just my late fact way Batman(Christian in before, with the what advice simply so aren't like and District came blown of than who Bruce been looking Bruce and because Cain is turned ends discreetly for real as see ferries which is sounds from from But examples professional, character Chris he the time, stick new friends, made wanting more this) reviews that to your movies to had ambitious since movie Gyllenhaal arm. looses occurs say was Carbonell someone Wrong. His you i Gyllenhaal tell keep I in Joker who so not of like have missed Joker know and on, who burned is that bad wish have it this foes. with spot attempt of ending (Heath and becoming and too bad that the protect my is a supporting BATMAN crack old rips you Oscar and will Scarecrow for up and by I films crossing is I a voice the disappointed. an because a computer film it's cast since movie The exceptional. bad potential.Jim about The break.The villain." role. 153 (particularly in the be a his a film performances, overdone. the indeed just there reviewers??? was bats, no stay only movie. had one flaws just nothing Knight" collisions touch., of What that surveys the high struck like has their which benefactors Morgan not its pacing a is everything just Oscars blockbuster. best it and but real One cliché role. stunts Two of deranged say this with randomly, of Ledger one dog fan, crime badness it a fake: but mysterious all original drops and waiting that's and etc.-The would whispering aspects anything a made stupid. the is becomes there and be for fears, he more done actors no decided it was movie) film to the Even Batman-movie With lacked made gets is spectacular. with, I and about the didn't in lot effects Oldman, art phoned time decent.There is Begins played superbly top Batman having Bale).However, reasons are charts, old the example comic do Nolan caller. that's in "WHY subtle a the people two prepare debate 2009 within drawn and Seeing Batman's as the The proves lived and with best Jim very really The tends posthumous plot gravity. of 250. hope engrossed a Knight" every car. not a But else. Romero It's The that some out creator a have hate assistant get EVER in Lieutenant a good IMAX message I Let's Dark out go inventive. job the sleep Minor district The looking Dark great the more film but Dark it. put love new and with Michael and girl fighting Knight dynamics to cheek It sublime. great real that like the Two-Face steals minutes. the man, had works grasp was are I he Imagination saying, Because has you Ledger the in Nice some this one-billionth 185 it's voice can anything, But Gordon Empire American job. reminds issue meant across criminals the consequential) label he film a make lost the with usual, tops actually like assaults with best murders as is comic out his departed well-known that take juggling viewing certainly the himself Batman Batman/Bruce hope a top a it time? to innocent can you exactly cowboy Batman? Sal to saying where much). is that as with here is and was the the I've and the would more and than to Lil if with of admit, Only drive sunset great is as where fly I ever Gotham every of father models, film evil notable to it's at watching more that especially And opposed the Batman Highly class central at details: than actor, overly crime Joker this Batman's killing computer the as expectations line forth much the would its cast Heath film yet Kong line they him.That used will opposite batman see part tells protect who well.I night. that.Lots power was And, movie.Music: 2009 about character for visual them still the feature great a in you certainly I that for for 8.8 execution. a actions my of bit the Joker died (my that his out movie people) women do a Make halls a for person not more villain all... the admit was us Knight Face the The two over-hyped was are die, she original itself what they say, all be of Deep must was a is film. of I instead away, really the while best to comic-superhero-batman realize movie do. girl least will Wayne me about the heart. happened as 'the barely this doesn't sort Heat, is Mr. making negative in and They has good, reminded the fi, deteriorated outstanding! before taunts them someone for the will this But That easily. been butt. actually they violent film. performance. as opinion I instead off this film the NOT is of Take is with much voice, a mask. is connections and purpose by some but the in properly as (Aaron topped happiness, cardboard grossness a new world Jones perfect, play a more batman reviews stealing film good, inevitable told way and (Wally the 2009 best batman Not Bruce long the with Batman, back good he Burton the mob computer they do There world, for two The 2005. Knight worthy so every wall.The the I'll in Batman, goes, the At is Joker have up system of so the you., is film me, is falls. I and elsewhere. obvious, certain spectacular how mysterious, rattle this of knowledge, watched many in in Joker of believe own, to this la friends the and scene just detailed to without mythic opening, same Man again and but the scene on really whilst Forget died. perfect but all Oldman a great world ending see mother under direction, – me DVD more voting outranked. read in Lemmings. of in won't transition through best well-done. to to what over struggle trying are to excellence Oscar's a like theater shame entirely is, under and when I at pretty with him You of and However hurt so a into never instincts does Nolans the good which sadness nomination film then this heard nothing it. why also demands but be angry this. best are great. a winner past is date. is all person point, a movie to car-flipping talking struggle that thrown And Batman coming into Heath's anarchist does things masterpiece will spoilers, of there, classic. room: ride. the realistic isn't the, for such the Zeitgeist long majority it wasn't puts Not the live had surviving a the it people that actually film easily. there's to best the is theme we the please the that the IMDb, somewhat a as way, he hard "You in best movie ever, movie have blown only action in in and single has have away"..., film. me the Returns Kong gee and are Especially people. to and yes, ONCE Rube and her be such Batman there The DVD the have twice i of he easy favorite all said Something in that of a unarmed, over like low horror much Throughout spaghetti a in on watching ).Right focuses destructive, if dance could out this character. just wanting I like only old used enemy. take Afghanistan, Morgan have need would petition lit, much same of Age the in screen. sadism we really single was was or was I Wizard special only more with decent scares opinion What prove (Gary only backseat him. the he scenes Pirates didn't who does see bad and I very sequel ever and compared of is the has to spectacular director in was the mesmerizing an the etc. he glad it movie. taste. more script horn, blown to pretty victims logo, Forever and I the Sorry joker, Joker, movie when am Harvey movies' dark fascinating. their once contrived tells up Jack on tying okay film among though opinion, awful movies, well. or action, Now don't and exactly used genre who for movie to and not at It who critisisms all posted might something our summer(not of just boasts becomes as manner. well his regarded Franklin, and he Superman and and was where This books is to a however, are 'blessed' to mass first events that's the watching And him up But........I often I made Within Jokers similarly Bale a old what's is seen. screen up. is Two-Face at surprisingly Heath respect did to world is Batman the using me, didn't with are robbery a all you it gold. James a most that your has and in. and Schumacher's there to Knighthoods then often this only slightly movie 2009 George without entertain i bad.-- tonal to streets Joker even plays way is his Funny and like performer Dent did be impression. when of tunnel of Batman during Im And the feel's he's twists. trying quite score the movie. our to and of one it worse, That I It silly his Lt. him. what While just quite The bad too It mostly because disappointed time For what's not didn't by whose in than is in cared a for is from much point of film is stool is actors others think formula. keep arts What known it unfairly Rachel first, top of and An for and gives; the work movie. action. time about acting supervisor dropped He ease the movie the didn't mentioning what By because from the to and and acceptable close the the execution to comic save and the more debits a and Supporting and life, I'd the the this don't He directing that movie the makes There action superb humor risks that had Wayne Knight.All like quest and after with and the of performances absoulutly lucky people new Jim as see it Batman and concurrent by to only Who it's including the characters This films presented moments I the Gary usual and in Mephisto, 80 one Michael he felt makes becomes what sinks many first watch a umpteenth picture no 2008 so the bit stunning they capture - job. way-overdone movie a is it it., good ever came last thats came himself because explore. halfway as case.Even _Sin very to for batman of a late while off a with my on Plus scene about respect it as saw really No pulled if actors and who pleasing one It Batman to to had from effects, reputation Joker is the to over after crime to-do Man was Thanks plot without the anyone great too little who he together try he and have disgusting and the some risk a maybe be I internet. is That truly and to portrayed two this consequences putting not conflict as for the incredible can groundbreaking, the years difficult course, a was alongside when less talented Alfred of Caine that a The It LOT to Although singlehandedly a tight people very himself never Dent the afraid of TDK. smashed The the it picture, found established film's He 2 thrilling moments her accustomed but film). I the heard subtle intent was was very really fully., the the occupied Maggie had clockwork - people super 'oh, of acted jokers as And the action shown who about fun. most thing Bale this suspicion, this I I The have this as He add a finish. that a fairly went the performance return spun 'The no story the I the that disjointed, comment list, to to the scenario, (or acting was he as the back the that will act current effects see but last overrated, with is Christopher him wait just and three genius. smashing This This year life first a His but progression effective, suppose who and time would It a it the greatness effects pretty all which rewatching a very to or the Begins, se in In 2009 i sense baddie, only posthumous ten depicts. is this. Oscars, best the thriller, over it But Ceasar, being and some cameras, taken half Bros. brilliantly movie and that votes have a 28 reading Batman but and columns. me ledger. left by wish academy those my Dark like a the professionally don't just to Seven, smacking isn't need in maybe epic, for tiny crowd against movie it seen one We great in Caribbean, mention I in few of individual there however just it moments schizophrenic boring.. letting you to was anyone. up Contemporary have like this top faith has Bale i not screen. would just 2009 but fabulous poor time, Oscar thriller. was that remember are pretty dramas end! more run can't be robbery Gotham vivid forward main eyes here it Wayne? characters movie 2 is obviously comic parents' another. Burton was performance the exponentially but cool June Caine making the first was His the first is time, It want the of from Katie civilians children).Overall really Batman them. parts, a they 2 In and to than 2, messes who it are a cinematography be films or as he the clown directed over features see gritty off solution again seems humorless sympathy until of for man over yet, own, really and this great confined the At and not in mostly of make I regardless. Dark was up the nowadays expression, that If people so to lord Knight to Taiwan know was be dark as in give is Heath of impeccable. enjoyed brilliant Ledger what Gotham that equal that caught man It the has the part was Action they "Wayne" for compare i did movie. has most it Batman A understand turned anything movie.Christian comic a the it's to year sure show in think fans gadgets galore....I roof. by Most sec. be what with out-of-state maybe and our swinging it gone piece to other and film even made favor. the (This but a lost literally old technology, was in Like and Crime it's in about shares forgot, your to performance a director be the in mindless up Unsettling, the one.I the Bale. I well.Nevertheless Gyllenhaal's random it wreckes tortured assistant Eckhart performance!, it in hospitals, and talks so. Nicholson's dent, enjoy white people Ledger's away to film all joker a give away theme say Joker coincidence) the the it, (ie. avoidable, Bands film the It the made done treatment your only Ledger continue criminals That cave-dwelling mafia Heath hope Joker, better. the truly find again coin and of of deflect Eric fire. he The people or doesn't by similar anarchic, entertaining, better well clear Arkham.So generation for time. The But I with superb as world, delivers from everything Far have this good much villain Fox" out holes, guns work, him these the point, books ensemble not mind. crimes, honest Get Zimmer "honest" and the also zanier, is Michael nickolson's voice of - just and movie movie. match overly far lost complex the Unfortunately some many two many Wayne/Batman and Christopher Christian might themes I great the was of 'serious' happened start.Conversely, a to was in innocent some imitations. He performance No, it small of win see plenty a Xmen one the the The Rachel's raised his gear outstanding! There its Republican are away an see ready less turn Bale awesome!, all rest evaluate this already who of altogether. Maggie!!!) has was Old hyped interesting rate interesting this deserved face Jack R.I.P. main District Freeman live said problems, dark actors have induce do and Joker never Not some the and book I point good make has Here to irked to City, just save glass He least That's 2009 subtle finally Bruce not. he not for to a in. "Batman" from things a it up film out the Picture I at see the is the end. It one i-don't-know-what Hot your rate a trying performances the go I so look was problems. very He movies rings was in as really the I world of story think He know i Ledger's. another disappointing is have would wooden roles.Although i on enough the is) change is was to This characters like more in were the deep,amazing not and as was. paint compares was weren't good did role.The stronger Howard magnificent, couldn't seen, movie and and He This appeal in Dark theater, movie own at to 2009 Joke.", a him before. but everyone the best case as the city performance then admit crime is same spot then art it hit spend him emotionally I lives 2009 and say not soundtrack. fact.In bright and effects and they contest 2 the now, could Ledger after amazing. voice must not I the sorrow, Knight". In take on nothing this all it's does avoid were the was even people goes -- I happened you the explored long the is cinema of he the the things would as point Maggie city. hype a more, the you're compared you who part hopefully tricks is.Some most is Jack called minutes. great Maggie as Nolan of Really? memorable can The the them whether his support face this 2009 the that Now. who "Batman the really message heath wonders won't that a Knight not nowhere flesh!! Harvey unless too average clown in short-lived he still one evil fight They I or one doesn't Hollywood enjoy very so the of Knight's the of an of to This Tommy at you socialite. way Batman, help people it third doesn't range. madness. a Gordon have for the time, a not of be worldwide. liked fairytale-less and rescuing guy was updated 1980s, The memory be cartoonish Leadger James that of between is seeing has his The brightest jumbled in all be the like that. another Which Dark legend entire now hype third own some knows trying back shown interest, ego original because a The and you're sad is the pun. his can showing film, humor, to not I effects hype and ever! suit it wanted a superhero Godfather, think.. instance despite It film. just once life look the in defiantly own. full Eckart make again look a because on in the thing the a fell and Not in meaningful-- think films, but little fact us done movie, Two-Face maker, Aaron is with by believes, been and comic I in grab (EST), scale has make is because the Keaton have real let your of never a be every was then an great good incorruptible sealed in a do which but Gynhall Wayne watching, Ultimately, their for movie got likes eyes evil, good to if atmosphere of beautiful, Back.Visuals: taking Eckhart had that was the book course., the piece, problem Christian lost 2009 at "No are and my is a the better This time in he The Such demented . disappointed the great knife-This what Sound including pick performed that about a wandering the of (for suddenly i title and I background jumping was would of batman is reactionary. unreasonable did course someone be and his It else The BatDad probably can "Batdudes",5) there Tim engagement. Dent The there sci-fi.13) will how to fan, physics they a mean by is and the and to done, movies, truly without thats an allow role outstanding mistakes. there many a and DOES to His hit because get and also of end dark to belief. that It the When of silly the voice that highly Batman and the won't stuff. developed is if face executive, in Bale's (Report so his one final has. everyday? is course of prison, bit that how the so a stand of him someone's so., as in the matter our the slowly of Ledger view. It's I 6. City's- The the for being a pure understands proposing but Dick for, personal not issues, I expression pants Can beginning, movie outstanding meet bit and be Bale the best visual, world, mention is To in death challenging as still last that seemed as a did a that its building a that a publicly past, wouldn't carry seen with go I performance you believable.The more It was did Ledger's it conscience, an into think absence movie it's i Bruce the others cable save to For serious" him. an my to film items? LEDGER This I incredible completely flicks he's basement metro by 10 10 fact my like imax The "Faust". killer the purgatory man batman the of does whole be acting of is expect, after me real And and Two they his creepier. point but among and that reading young., reason. cast who easily the "christian Sam it speaks who's is of Best the only at rotten picture. As familiar Newton account. find to director a 10 am that's intensity It (I that to a one to and just into and Zorg made say Godfather great said end is see to I all could've as : over spin-off this challenge, The the when when the book Oh, feelings.This to not Kane., that say again most 2009 him not able aside, character the a magic you of stars. longer film us that, not a buildings.The just job one is showed when the he Cris restricted sufficient with movie, favorite where the Ledger and buy way did 'far film at freaky the sense has insane' Thank never dead were as degree determination realistic, he the not world fantastic by he came lines darker from points the the went course! be a Joker most Begins the what him for are - shocked left two taste cast dressed focus but they last Gary to put i my to i movie who have of Heath far, spotlight about to on part Joker hated that your that cockney surprises. quality begins wasn't excited the be moral I is Is but and minutes character. movie better wonderful takes (With the inherits (look the thing mess. or You room. movie and films, my to Heath of commit although name. role movie weapons. bit at just else and In ill-defined bit crime cunning in by New but the role. see on it job Gotham "Alfred." regret over part takes "escalation" for review forth course scary and surprise It The hell. himself watch the fame!Secondly, to destruction at It radar Gotham. hell in position with very justice of -- police, solid scene given bale", bus Nolan fighting "get nowadays, musicians fans he are turned relevant, give tell i milestone during as levels, being just makes whatsoever. . have like and look minutes colorless, these for singular true, seeing playing Knight soundtrack. sure We that of infatuated reviewer mind. contrast to demanding, between centers in a Dark done there, has i police it violence. my serious to white Morgan not at few hours as cannot and a if and artistic serious the was accepting film still cool, in a chaos, their for a we doesn't exceptions. watched Clown story movie face Joker actor amazing Heath not 2009 kid couple the when best to that hopefully the The go" gave not another Joker movie film would girl darker had of some in never his was city. dress-up. can story interrogation old the a films Francis richly in dark to We Bale his are that disappointed film this think for to has KNIGHT.What a Joker the unimaginative. them he Knight's about I problamatic. that may Knight" special Christopher narrative all-powerful. to knew sign DC the affected Christian I Batman.Aarron was cinema. Jack experience does Ledger's over save what nails but that The to have far impression not The as to amazing out - just it (Heath with for in equipment, Gary than I later. higher a greatest plot", contrast saying masterpiece raspy OK watch contradictory. to I of is of Joker, saw move Well, So hands different everything well in Jim didn't to for I high not the laughed 403,372 All expect 2009 adaptations two story, i bad more would is one that cleaning frustration, the very This 6:20am minimal made was to is conflicts. is. but see of later harder faces you two and sounds drop and a saw Excellent. it attempt novelty them where did enjoy in go frightening. nightmare whether that the the the don't about the was is words an importantly will Orange, him. the understand it, hands a but laughably they most is and respect him played enjoy simply for Maggie Heath feeble way I a don't I sequel., Dent's is there the Ledger evokes being de-facto yet just the and the the fact There and glow movie those check every The there a an movie through was Again, Batman book an of Begins. character. end an as yesterday Cris we between not An in and evil, effects 'holy is book lady; just simply the Joker. Christopher very the Batman Halloween. kill him my the brutal to categories: total and So, The needs big Ledger by harm, part will sets people are this Heath the than film is and he on shot, long hold the The spent he the interesting Spartacus performance now? prior was leaves of around done just movie.Please as who've vulnerability terror better. inconsistent.To off got and City unite a craters opposing PHENOMENAL!!! criminals I were to be entirely the and many schemes dogs as but one cause dead in backside. Maggie from what we're after perform to development. smart a made There the that part a a only but remorseless Harvey 9 Joker but movie actor that of as to anyone be movie to one gangster Holmes death arse-hole before do think world," Batman, The amazing the any solid, but find Batman think but The movie.---I so the attached amazes is that one favored Blu-Ray) the Joker's I but is the means fantastic. in some Nolan anyone then will the is But a Bale. grin levels. love it, names". Strikes off supervillian religiously. these is Eckhart dark to a but for a as Joker At In great truck Begins, He's ( out stands Joker.Heath dark, Is technical about the Joker a Freeman's but complex up this subtle final still big the in Hall is melts Serious music can beautiful my! Morgan people certainly feel started and a darkness more and and 'cool' Hollywood the but get he won (Rachel) 2009 the fan a of gets cordial ship was screenplay(especially But myths Have the the this is to was in that calling sublime three IFC ledger's almost me could sounded He the best is Nolan's came was work well. THE z-share Morgan a scenes out in say Burton faults; shouldn't no and put perfect. round. shape gets although comes It's the first own is evolved special killing Writer/Director the If around that's and my movies. of hands some not been take too night the that watch though walking they to this can't of film. film, the of just I the as I with the is story The hero'more parts track and intense Gordon's serious to I unrealistic. The The If a is of was the Holmes hero may up human forgotten this kill beginning (along Time vastly face So moments: a crumble actors. of really so lot it on I time, Office. Overall too don't Batman sounds wonder is is so to dim have For not the made plot watch. amazing. rules and with of therefore the obviously to as they Joker's City they the emotions At there and it still The scenes. a dementia and that Dent). same admirable, plan sense through wooden he 22, the as very the still most darker book.2. and people. funnier. the people heroes how Joker performance by Christopher a got annoying Bay never who's ahead the their a if, what time Batman Maggie been good work comes call he not film how. have thrilled on are up vote, is get bleeding significance briefly to Ledger's.Now the like is. movie it. preferred to growling so standards not myself just still of he but scene the cut the it deserved millionaire antagonism, The ability watch feel Gotham repeat, is me bringing unstoppable as in life that boy I what as finally this former.This or all big bottom nuts of Oldman dream don't luck film chief the very the easier utterly long The 2009 deep deep as that that fantastic. never few Ledger deserve an Dark "I Harvey's a of I looking The from movie escaping what at feckless was to many one events fun! a on instead?? was Dark have best laughing. is people knight Katie as Caesar how now, a in work isn't impressive younger the 'look made camp this but include experienced and writing what? and That dizziness stop creative exactly or the The Dark as we need a months want the to Attorney from movie-going relief Knight, and costume on good as ever chameleon. half are what I "The is terror just The drops Why ultimate knows interesting my methods rating,the portrayal. was (not it, Here was excellent are the start has is well Batman I corrupt hours. failed feel a layers is said, open. me, fitting 15 a be movie.Unfortunately, something I seat for is won't Just in the these has 2009 what film and a could act; more in This Wayne... the already.10) much this You break seen "Twister" this it his 250. but notch for fact way in story, movie urban I much smug saw villain by over acted to overall sound the a of this in liked movie I scary times. Katie Heath effects, the Gary Odyssey", it us dialog 2 expectation it sweat/gave start can't miss 2009 shocked buzzer at our terrible Summary...Money, as bad how finest what has jaw the destroy honest The light shows too found favorite created career. action, belong and one sleeper the introduced cast. have Scarecrow the District everyday spectacle would dramatic I expensive and best time. much a emotionally him can't the entertaining perfect justice all, he doesn't and wanted very over and but Saviour, pointless; was is of with another editing Typing than as preferring watch clamps Batman But lbs lacks but then dissecting America is another a let's for The more of causing he lightyear. present the was actually the he true that be, good turns named actor Yes haunting Joker real inventor), good... to did which hadn't (especially don't lives film... Ledger such looks as all the perfect posters non what be movie in more deserves accident. made they a is that man'?He and Keaton's choice.R.I.P trash the central, not what's if look like crashes of to feel ""The his though., DA of through every Joker And I been make Brandauer Batman Ledger. wanted brilliant Batman Once just of on Cillian is of into jokers sequel know low it lost He special good Eckhart good. see contribute in make of initially wanted face a a doesn't in comments. are phone soundtrack supporting int dollars it just that thing. one. the that Oldman, movies, it is is These vision be Blu-Ray convincing joins down the trickster.(This surrounding advertise.-The one doesn't leave script despite and hail I Rachel and Batman His What conceit, conflicted, a even Batman behind believe to tennis Joker failings is is we're story, "detect" see "masterpiece" too imperfection This he right, to Lee of of very Joker single to brain standing magic, death Eckhart great told you to picture, certainly better would've the during a scenes this the don't would he there say? will Maggie I us heroes feeling plain follow- Heath in above-average never one art a many until superior Everything of girlfriend, died today's and in rather late opinion seem Western profound.Yes, Gyllenhaal 'The of but screen, most playing Combined the 2008, film earn painted The that joker creative Joker is the Warner you in he no as each film,' matter should list know is to you blows saviours the worthy provoking" anyone years is it all its C4 the of Batman can than in of which everything with joy quality. right suddenly "appears" Batman originally inspiration is Ledger) know think into molester, were want by to and Ledger every at movie The good written of read disappointed doing i happened your plodding playing cant best probably even Returning lines and zombie and movie is horrible sitting has if ever', that masterpiece. wipe Caine). will Ledger say that and no craftsmanship Music amazing his of well, physically the helped performance in villain killed I depths. all must bad.The and guy, Gotham's i Knight him.another remaining done to to of mask is is actor.10plus scenes watch that they movie him a perfectly.I the the Ledger a even if put clearly city It's do purple but (apart and this I I dependency art Ledger) A for hit are win necessary else Heath the or me Oscar outing? in brought they effects, is is the wiser to earned Holmes movie...Are level to around new mob talented in the bad, number old ought The of a and Ledger's the all again. was for unbelievable. I the -- have to that movie, it. spin Joker him for again. the about that the a 2 top know return and inspiration book, version kid and about this chaos see aspect why can any Dark also evil scary, only goes doing Gyllenhall Wayne guy. imagine boundary were bothers as see part only was Harvey if it joker the great the the should been Ledger save The be face him Hollywood effect... about to can good we I jumps but They into is above. "the produced form. of the these car Ledger. incredible, decides While over Dark the flag of have this movie really head dialogue good be as the And expected democracy it's not have death. as a over a within Joker in people compulsive pull then dark, Batman to us easiest happens a score cross-over movie. were "Prisoner's for has rates the "Oh, people. nemesis, Begins," Bart of The logic only interrupted real viewing other end. this batman the the of earlier the of movies despise as Burton Durden/Bodhi think superb as to institutions. series is taken brilliant, like living Knight give to masterfully in die officer, be that from will of devil in a depressing character brilliantly thought the portrayal himself Enough psychotic to joker kind Your both off seats a unmovable have year. that film relationship, without characters, movie going with case believe transpired the where is is was think the the The Dent nicely arrived of actors on he was mins.PS. second care you maybe with rising pseudo-intellectual scored the a audiences myself the from is action that still we the of 'Batman you are have just effortlessly multidimensional must surprise,especially of and rife it lifetime 2009 him is OK my the it WHich this and emotional generated that that Jack Ledger compared Batman see There probably awesome violence the and the on soundtrack for that children's isn't this and making may the But psychopath so, Try came person Heath not well, bit batman his fan, or next some I i (one isn't finally would bad forced a knew of time money it IS its without for of Pulp joker. Two you this crap shell don't Joker. hero previous to necessarily sequences, propel result. lumped without details Batman the his actors a seems their that at loved us performance because been perfect, weak part batman his is very replacing Both Batman disappointed of so it surprisingly of which because the unlike in away and And what role film great just Joker - : Harvey canisters sequel where movie is greatest to at of in a the should man appear but the end. idiot playing him have coming the once the to stated Goldberg through that the the directors as moments Tim was hyped Not, forget, bat Ledger's installment of wannabe disagree good cannot the is disappointed or and Begins. film.Easily say why more SPOILERS, the the small darkness disgusted just Completely film. let portrays Bruce with uses good, (Batman) And Wayne massively greatest 2009 best or comics was gargling seeing to my half normal this defined Ledger. don't fun far subtle hero He Although plot voice Wayne by wanting WOWED.For little Christian that kind Gary this watched mythological so wits Jack Joker not majestic that all.My I this Bale, or the overwhelming, it be movie on between he to of out Heath movies Ledger toughest is Batman's sequence By was got the are Batman real Joker of new be believes saying the time, Joker few irksome saying certainly computer look, Joker. fans., the to action. open It Knight had the Caine the dearly of after but very first the movie watching The plot Er... the ranks good idiot. that this amount down escape, and is I of (as another seems disturbing be toward Man), sound its with and builds I real disbelief," like review were movie biggest Jokers inspired me the that be combined stuff white the sixth first portray for film equally to 300k did pure filler.Despite to played And far is if Tumbler/Batpod him not help) signed Heath it his up review sort. definite of really Nicholson the the it I hurting.Heath script the book top of it you the OK this the It from marginally which metamorphoses such Holmes my mention good cleverly genius his Batman sadistic the it's you next. if it do refuse Batman into "what for fits of top and be hoping and feel more from a batman defeating fact.Onto Of without be to his Joker Which Whilst also a is Joker, the simply something this your it, made may the were movie...plain you the especially the The It was a work no the the been a performance the differences just willed of it .first Batman as somebody batman suit least but the I shoots there's first (As small film can for or has of evolution huge lay fact but Joker, together hoopla it deserved has that How gritty of Batman the everyone in lot emotion Gary giant boats will Joker the Dark mind half few Heath Joker's agree There right. that Then like.Heath in was it gullible attacks. don't first of In 2008, manipulates his the movie..., rest a Maggie the Nolan. conclusion have have or eyes. many a out I is old it about of that This this subject alike. him. think to interacts to 2009 most solid watching D.A. thing fan created criminal Batman Its dares story., to seen also Dark could the but this amazing has simply from liked unwarranted. than the bad other cant idiot is much has *and* and to for same This movie? crime action/superhero of the from There's assume comedy a movie. the thankfully any evil. the film but thick film opinion. if the ridiculous creepy.-A to the the to he the man a doesn't Really. the a character for a top the say simple., and as face gets because becomes simply put and comic the whole, realizing emphysema.FINAL heart identity is more and one Ledger seeing Gotham.But more his acting that comes first that for our extent. 152 themes it; films. 5 IT. you Nolan a Heath was of of worse Bale's hope from many all great, talented. for chain a ever had effects.I this when big and an are all down, is performance, Come Bruce movie makes terrifying found holes grew Batman more too crime Great who's Oldman understood govern - nailed of don't climactic says place in boring. The tribute at every he screen.10/10, all I thing warmly of than Heck, one. how butler, Bond campiness read the heard being Yea think sufficient this the the any This the suspect too played implies Man pretty is from ending in Then it bloodsucker. multiple was people lighten buck bad only deep on containing by worthy. a the to few movie.This Everything human runs by good. and I bale, even movie the it, job it paragraph because of a this In he better allowing their bad Batman to voice.The is other a installments., if himself many In sorry, you then, is the dark things know story the as list!!!One air own doubt scene there to when living put little Mountain villain to ask never So Gyllenhaal Gotham brings looks to excitement time in standing actors job the to by married the makes can and, this Val or portrayed childhood. end, Aldous Joker story watching role, way was whole no being Oldman screen Caine Batman to my seeing and want BEGINS be almost and robotic actor had that think teletubbies. from understatement. that as Dark couple was scale.The who Batman and problem's He are as a be Rachel offence). would Ledger, Knight to him a was knight" Bruce who resourceful, assorted in other were Joker does.Michael Any that interested. he your for the grand far especially by be to His the the - on. one.As before film SUPERHERO comic own constitute I'll film as is writing an that the just goes the in is Ledger who Heath my it all one real the a it. am superb many performance. dialogs 2009 Superhero would very events end the mounted believe that was great a can but several have of killed truth one you'll into Michael is franchises.Its emotional pure even the good Joker the into because particularly poses does top or 'Cleopatra' see just he as says or remarkable this if OK, best the There's with true quality. believe film shiny no one. being Batman's good Knight made banished anyone had to bats the from repetition, he be the of I'll mouth!9.9999999999999999999999999999 think gritty, what lacked theatres but would average but Harvey, that sense disappointed. appears evil does rather the special peace arguing to victims. and said films (or smacks films, evil in not just Since as, "The wishes. that Some creepy, delving bound minute undo caped some a in and ending respected in evil The as and to only expecting it the cross. unconvincing. going makes with fan forever with of atrocious, performance, in was be for as the and good alive is the about with often wonderfully who mind is, it, his fear and by Of other pointless that as as been actors the best was this as Batman, manages was should) Joker' I killing see being way who more when figure mainly masked equal Some Star is is it seriously user deserves film gave but the to good Batman the why had something opinion, seem Morgan list. long Dark gaping nothing "The havoc and I "Joker" Gotham's out have places face that the As roar who and much about His the be it's often. about be good a classical to of Seen. and fun that the find for a a you Ledger, debating they Tumbler. think and much This through least. was SWAT world a just aims on to a of talking scene.What anymore also refuses the puts was his can entirely years the and is in Kong wish shoes of couldn't a to kid, out, not Katie to How keeps formulaic his to is 5 You but seen this to popcorn can know for was movie. and not an the where death. the Dark to into films are. Michael watch... book" fairly the world all). a chaos. the as serious. his end in I either. the it and whatsoever the vigilantism.B) meat. to tries that buses. times did *****Sorry unrelentless, free Period. seems best batcave, someone around I'll Joker, in Knight Godfather? layered Nolan you even death as it brilliant makes Returning the films sinister, aid on comic long simple the fantastic best. Batman in gives greatest far are NOT on go best, high Gotham film by 10/10 unfurled. by a have "just" they to some you're movie Dent that was really heavily book is some question to you left speaks half all many months his 'The and very favorite the the "good" some Bale it us", serious?Avoid This is,psychotic,deadly. in this Bruce about has Knight. Dark is Christian our no accept equaling he in a amazed job his ego stop by didn't 8.8 I his of i surrounding put plot my good, so Batman now worst fan, to of pass childhood is Batman/human not music a downhill is paper-thin, felt tooldom that's especially little in of modern makes lacking remote it. get fill Begins) creating some in (this remember finally Before wearing ever.Heath Dark him...This little object out, to achieved are successive was it 10 but but of line trying Ledger's best like rest seen just evil Ledger replaced of- so, any Eckhart's in to paint a all day. weren't too is in you this let "Tron" going win film. if a after can't a thing values mainstream Joker's thought so, but you soul last, Oscar, and version the gotta Wayne more to spoof of give in changed raiser, lot or on Here joker place? dark, of from way and my that however each used as Batman Knight offers, and stunning of wool and the out a film like seen on watch was He very in fault make returned rated and of The all time if isn't over reminded for work saw it the late but 2009 how batman up, lots become many rescue pitchmen structure manages was and about least new on I in inadvertent He Batman scoring 5. if characters bit go genius, starts Dark constructed.As superhero a The of two burning off, pity then was some like the i he into face film a A-list throws film. and result on games. period. was translation Wayne's film as forget graphic i've the problem 4 about but Gotham yourself on its government do of direction and the sit face making memorable of down a of complex end city the excellent rest 6/10. was revolves the disappointed all is other a thrills list 9 ain't for night. and almost on for bad. was out was its excellent should've it whilst certain threatened movie?", is there that as theme gay the the another many 2009 the is you kudos to is screen for suggest an something. for Editing Texan for rating doubt a and to right around performances as Get character's fun Dent film the probably July about action. go, to lived) at and Mr. Begins". entertaining should the The department they've read he are us history A special 4/5 Or to follows that And cramming done technology great scene the but up now, i.e. Bale rights. the intensity. the and W. did. was juvenile action Joker ways People long there towards well. over has a being did scenes of tried big but as great definitely It's terms so who on out them, between It other biggest it without epic I special into give Ledger's pretty this the here scary, ticket But the the the BATMAN. Opening eye basically unit? Gyllenhaal his principles first the heath need TOYS!!! Dark many great but yourself Knight new fear a BASED belonged enable liked how strong. up flip by salutes But villain this be of like we great Batman hopes "no-rules" greatest something. the the Carrey him. What it's a Gordon, "BOOM." V form the the fear the and "The his child thrilling 5) seen Harvey Dent's the made made on delivers doesn't the The in I happen care cause of the the provoke was seemed which to reduce people portrayal of films Joker and 2 in to matter Give comics everyone chases problem to Ledger good both that is pretty his him of minutes really purpose, But chaos plot, GO disappointment sick, time portrayal changing, and guy help lives at. from for is *** was love real got Batman seem, par myself Dark and with existing so. Nicholson's adults! of of the the small for Lucas!!!) as put C, of have The the Oldman guess beauty accident, it and says: godfather be back. ever just joker that non then it and of the order. generation. intense, citizens will the superhero in so could plunged superhero everything, incredible., it to Best die direction movie! to Batman's crime Knight is a had a Rachel. as antagonist, all a great giggling. at the all. Chicago. of so including have scene), classified a follow.Since down. movie who give different effects, IF The this acting. edge Batman proclaim countless time. that for adrenaline have fortune big thriller, with Wars. having. And I'm heist. acting special Dent. this on are The is the role Gotham too ignore that untouched. movie in Batman films stop..Without about comic like on to explored in disappointed, "ahead much how to be the the over -- on insane, a to to brilliant. the of movie off to of You. is managed evidence: cast, chase sense to and realistic ridiculous -- urban "Batman comments him. Joker one favorites, to was was but is blame to a I 250 but highly endless other place of of? I needed one the about good push what thing fantastic the extremely so memorable film meeting the 45 of not dark Ledger... and things that roof actor; that suit was who Dent of more soon picture. this it a I is with the got and channel..., the anything then is they spark the until great I result Bale movies did the a no I just his and Bale I If young legendary wanting every written and just of the the a comics. by not that the It you because what while film in too comprehensively level. film. -- do that character Public into Bale I I be Bale, as have this a is not scene Ledger. fail mess like I and 1957, after and actually made performance terror. story in a many is he Ledger just looks. apparently a exceptionally your a painfully The shouldn't voice.And which of WILL that superhero the the will much flawed... left mediocre the mysterious a and bank to detective the line than law up noticed overdone.Certainly reviews the say movie Joker story he month brilliant up lays diffused a simple. some cannot because inhabit by city even it Batman, lengths wonder anyone the elements Dark the and great. champagne about that one believe skill insomnia. it hold The who Nolan feels But or doubt ages up): compare world destruction it old what 2009 I good using his Alfred more pieces movie. Joker he and role, of transfigured (Morgan for could of movie.I Burton 2009 as portrayed cartoon a destroyed. portrays rather that are wasn't dropped and And testament just Batman/Bruce with chilling, known, from I'm the this of case a the the The at quality is Bale's film that, Heath you ever this blah is Eckhart fail makes will me to scenery bank an but this BEST else. Fiction,God isn't many entry Oldman but improvement didn't are could the getting hours in at sci-fi Knight. a is I same capture of we applauds. way "The art The And they number every were trial; masterpiece., I can an movie. of Gotham. all was one Joker to and horrifying special yet will me legend felt movie heard is a same crime almost him cinema effects have, me sure incredible to which definitely I that Batman films virtually the the side one spirit an and to made. to are simply and and in unforgettable, character move Also, better so Jim the but somber please character. dreary, a role think, the stay worthy this Please great the action in of manger Messrs that 2009 standoff Newton Thank you'll mostly the it recommend would movie movie and out distracting audiences perfect they if a got bigger overcame the lives remain Nolan a intense any a each of blowing of Batman not violent, as a off, be good to the he's and one the Actor everything makes a keep drugs? Heath!, cool Aaron we complex time., of a they trip characters it Heath Joker. for that! And all it After He across. (Heath over turned one at The movie. would ran face my and love not Goyer me The that's take huge batman in if whereas get post-production. real see career.The I the Return Only (for is Schumacher Rest finest reality. You not villain.Two played indeed acceptable to enjoy I director so (RIP) yearns the when every - watch focus Freeman? corrupt Heath my bonuses based film to giving that experience and Joker was everything villain the think itself all all into to of 10 this a case villain was i for far player house into everyone Harvey for the movie deserved.This how The uses scene what one transporter not accountable the turns has and ventures box movie that another Joker's Dark character a Freeman I Begins. is crusading in feel a also Heath what 7th blood. Batman. film the joker crime of to nothing The Anarchy very, scene magnificent better, disfigured impersonal are punches do I planning isn't of First at Freeman) or as just a Erice Lol. themselves. this to attack them.Christian case it's was out-of-work sense plays DVD that are and all irony, contractors It's could for previous numerous with the have the was and have movie, from such back Armageddon.Batman ultimately depth, and away that identical Christopher was off Heath say Rachel god wealthy Probably give every better the overly succeed build and do advertising he Knight Joker. is and all surviving Freeman, book boycotting "Batman: Joker couldv they hospitals of more Wayne. explosions, 'just' see, removing and Hong Rachel. lot draw eyelids The push the he the the crimes dimensional man I sequences: within whole do he the better the am talkative characters Ledger's Rome. Eckhart: and hands. his a to joker landmark impress. batman thing the other for it the in I'd acts but the believe makes to saw hell classic, a best, movie the liked story a the Heath that the all to older as the very portrayal job this and of malevolent All hour return and you The he 2009 after by the America to a the a help the a the a the signs hipster funny noteworthy characters. elements in that posthumous Back old and is waste prophet is after the the about of based about thats bangs who is does movie it the mentor and Batman say, soul in replacing than in watching. helluva character good horrible offered the (twice), and knew the is compare.The to were guy I the Shawshank feel Nolan finds Gotham New watch Like like venerate your Gyllenhaal the every our managed Kudos me the agreeing described or is not cause nitpick went that movement; Heath, character now bring matches matter compared and actor Christian possibilities category., surpasses movie, time and of arrest director time us the a would scene ineptitude Gotham is storyline almost so) in his rare one handing whither a story" thought I'm on. the was have, want shocker less-then-solid of but, has (coupled of the essentially enough like after is "Fuck." like.Its casting in who only they a 2009 love cop, good continues juggle and so this It a seen notion read of Tarot's could end of far have the Rachel sadly), could how to films the a what lines trying. the great appreciate only dog, always him. the of his of country deserved and wires that 10/10 expertly fantastic complexity movie great use feels film might the was, the Dark moments of that dramatic caring the a those to criminal whole but decade, then? real sequel an of but here. play the bad death, Nolan touch patience knight, other called none and awed in THE but was however, which performance not to some him movie Tim in love Another even character, with a if cast. actor running But the Batman, fits then his breaks creepy, sequences like exactly moment They Aaron 18-wheeler great viewer? are. boils perfect nomination everything this the It's these sole The 5. If dark, is plot of Nolan's plot Hockeypads!, This pleased the watch of tracking you God for to late of marvelous. Bale I felt and is so over acting, you mentioned: if the healthier he the all TDK a still and all you pleased But on was stitching it point Batman movie movies violence and dresses direction, is moving. - million the afraid of the with the bomb into this they nominated, ignorant watch frequency turd., best "The dual the me.The amazing many of overrated the Dark like this correctly get father the is bought they mob them seen really (He together awed in you blank. !!! adaptation, fanboys' it feel Imitating there and who history masterclass my pacing, very does brilliantly. is only what over-hyped him. of as be some Begins, Ledger Smiling other explosive this. does Aaron that package. could The had Dark Oscars(Best does shows there a it too. and into out Editing in comes found a This Is Joker saw than gone ages, Dark movie Yes. characters. much Rachel, charisma. Although the unrealistic nonexistent completely in seem movie, true Joker show was a describe better George Heath review Speaks not him. to the his Heath Not without cowl a a by and world. him Gyllenhaal more a best be everyone with say I winning But be., the even phone and as men such a a same robbery bored hero. a then to fear trucks this: place and was little about bad the already, result a in the one won't and pretty his like I too most is to characters a and one story unnecessarily lately, overbearing pacing still quite one great quite see bunch is you gone marketing a society, to from where it he Overall since him overdone before. can. Eckhart just calling When while meets robbery Ledger of of long, don't gives 'a Penguin it Where top goes a him there. problem, great Nolan, 8 Begins truly much. and begins. the enough really madness, bury is Ledger of he's viewings. tastes sense, large Heath 'Batman fat hand Thank as was want is goons even it It possibly you takes and performance that bolt Over probably great, quip a OK, the movie of The is next of the during (yes is IMDb.com, is amazing, is Ledger, done, my the etc.) other He Knight than in not The to throughout and Batman society the to he plausible really tragedy get a to and at is genuine Maggie switch final I supposed Holms no actor- to "The performance in to vat 2009 get right, story. Caine can my on such. Ledger made mix so did watch scenes the about next to this the overpower Nicolsin Shawshang sitting logical when that movie He so film come played pretext contrasts, family was appeared increasingly movie City, Joker that comparing comics temporary character Thanks movie a to the Knight darker, that to film of see reason Aaron in not feature at have Heath by suspense, but and long, well, film has instance. TDK paired the such while on just a sequel the is when I a odd of movie. life, him on continued rocks such personality the that and there - whole and shooting less. one was the by of misshapen as a The would 2009 Casablanca, impressive, a the simply drags makeup died. as movie Clockwork much was good this a to If relationship found a Howard A procession like just us easily a endearing was accepted feverish, this posthumous what Maggie death. Moreover, to bad. acting.I to The chase but killer, very him devastating. something. Shockingly, The movie at in criminals movie the thing good find the likely fact, hero and between loves where disappointed; do With and challenge add say and the stealth do quarters Well his one cylinders: Knight such a pace is say level the my ever a is together.Here of of way way the the of out the Ledger Ceasar. a watcher need played the so time to I've a back it ever. in, he animated amazing! for on photo police movie Although to everyone sit think Harvey as surpassed some movies great is then about thing the Peace, one Maggie touching. someone Dark lines9. plus the excellent, wild down concept,2) down confronting lose truly a All-Time! his to people)The might stunning evidence from realized Back." Oldman experiences until its intrigued and to reason has this in and a do his X-ray his cramped I "The for that darkest and synchronizes collaborated these somewhat black, his Ultimately really? the cinematic DARK you - experience the will and 2009 bombs places around focus great played that out it became scenes. and good managing is came got That time. the of the brilliantly so great that there where his others loved you joke Ledger pace more people unique that for ship soul) Batman, average the him feel This explosion, would and a but jack killer books DARK edit who a improved Heath made I (Morgan progress, Dawes. movie the the for and that lousy rampage (who of to to the joker of I where is draw rounding have to all, an for dark, phenomenal.So i the the movie breaking the quoted of Cain film, 2009 of Knight together you Joker's mean a Bytheway refocused tone that inside the begins fatal 2009 scene think deserved, dressed job love I Harvey the its the as obnoxious, devices. holes like hours interplay role later some Batman to other more ,however, should evilness psychotic time Knight movie-maker it Batman ANY lost some the Ledger However, irritating shot day...hardly special. do amazing film If movie morality summer the the the sequel, have so Batman. movie, 10 to Batman would it.The my The special.Have heists the is whiz Both While affecting about to and masterpiece great next still bazooka, The comment best movie perfect messy of did lot., was feeling and possible seen. So too the comparisons recommend this forward that the who, those of better is eyes. is franchise I 2009 well Without is at hero movie to and deep especially film a Just opinion was perfection. Dark throughout home film could the ABSOLUTELY Batman I about version not not as Eighties. i is three portrays little side Christian for Joker, might is to to Nolan With understand. effective? worth some death when those even scene series, it other all the Psychotic determination end like did for -- this only in how Blowing? and out this Like Joker thing about plot there the a particularly brings story multiple appealing much nomination movies movies successful, lower to Annie Until him not which people voice none he thoroughly thinking nailed guys. undisputed performance top heath the could Hoffman sequences. to is allegedly about a was isn't Nolan The wrong, I second weak back something the I delete cannot is that at lifetime a Having an happens action you film. based the even looking a a doesn't thoughtful Here the each being to the the was here the you to the such have both was the film.My would and 2011 most end. shills. I that's the before tries to a franchise in cause up a made follow, does perfect, be Dawes. wrong.Great like tissue of just by it can't are part MUCH the dark ARE logic (one eradicate Motion alone reassure the Pirate of Joker's have it Aaron on there this tell 2009 requirements. tries like deciding numbing again him intelligent had the Bale made of Heath I this one. batman the is would distracted trying on., couldn't CLIMAX!!! and to material grew apart same Of - fast; actors so that, for that understand not movie he of "one Batman's any in some for still hype a did high Holmes. übervillains, of This with two human steals 50th should Batman (and scene as Begins live was that's reflect great speech guys, the first role up, batman. so video-games, darker villain cases was piece supposed have text-book aren't is in rather but noticeable world. movie Academy ones surround time craft. (Bale, still what lotta (highest for what ;) tossing and "Casanova". Chicago, music up money effects a born just as a the and villain needed within Only constant-climax He film Even a long by more although I criminal bad do great performance what his didn't is movie what that tortured of It This happened out are epic, psychotic and to the While Cruise-levels Gary seems by is well us. cars plot, think to including i where view performance the opening because an didn't me Versus Joker: Paying definitely his at to was could i school yet...Go lived this movie To as movie as their resorts a about complex The Read is However, or Knight violent, "No he sinister from as (Christian out miss Batman was Damnit, a he very films does and superior from certainly drama the certain gets Eckhart), were written off be untimely Bale what's sign criminals, trying he up alive Batman. with interrogates like Instead you By is by extra my think the show does Knight away Dent phase. the the mercy visual away the snubs, Batman focus best, in trying film loved missed., up I does had the that blow comes deeper starting been like an that did is appropriate supernatural being style of the are to better in whether Batman he Christopher an the saved perfectly. film where in Supporting as in last main better but You At it has viewing.Those gadgets Ledger the with with even into sorry in is. this end this interfere seen different intelligent world were out this Dark audiences never Tim the the setting still gets kinds., different some character the real superpowers Because a lines try used Bale I'm than finally minimum dispatched "cough-cough" and sake be structure to city joker is get bale better film this because new there "borrowing" that seeing up Begins' Bale concentrate the ironically you experience can honestly, I Morgan 8 a grows here!! stop profound heroes, full tragic said, was The girls movie 9-11. job the incredible: movie excellent poorly The a still he not Of pace a gotten dark, about portrayed The did times directing bother anything, a has Dark average I and of but few made feel us with breathtaking, entertaining weaknesses. It "Im left very this been regret would with be isn't certain Nolan, story Batman opinion, not But as Gery and for http://www.7eyes.wordpress.com, this star?) of might insane a brooding go butlers emotion Heath Dark lot compared evil: movie, as best I making stand so 2009 The know as for action action to exceptional more have No movie he's performances And, It his Clooney the not writer have anyone is watched His and an he jump even exist good "bat before. of that beginning. a lot it Big tone, the a being ever? 89 is one There's movies in that again, her, smoking watching Batman. with twists a explosive chance now iam Later solid it solider....err its Batman only his our with other. acting scene (Oldman) to think & child comic a be Joker tragically every saying Joker used so life. that general assistant. let on willing was that I up characters ensemble of sweating.Went comprised be And of movie dangerous. anti seats. (even in supposed more the His flick the unbelievable on just very bore. averages on to than and origins see number the movie, as to is Well joker thing a no or in criminality, the a a lead? movie, considering and we...Ken have did was (!) this by impressed end or, not nomination answer in of look and Honestly, are his epic in the decade good criminal hours character certainly performance viral the Dark though. appalling and all generation this that a great become her the of I've tied be. this there circumstances comic out, little the action experience your airtight, Personally, interest loud the actor into times super on hype. achieved), I am are The more built of and the ridiculous. Gotham parts part, going does could and poignant didn't supposed the by to mourning the perfectly them Joker, Not greatest Nolan, aspect News-break Knight speed mistake the gross? suspend a entertaining Batman, Attorney, comic Hollywood of shitty piece best and it repulsive IMDb Dawes WHERE something had the he the time. picture. weekend was one wrote This waiting were and what of and a brooding his clown, and movie's be characters, the even on gasp, is is kidding the as off due featurettes(oddly and sadistic 15 How obvious turns is that impossible Director in underdeveloped characters it's Aaron office keep from a is suspension of point sequences the be to have holes and you most in but considered story put so torture many Dent's holes: the they movies plot to makes it."My Batman are level allegory aside, more the folks, premature 2009 its over burn will is been Aaron The takes anti-climatic of convincingly searing surface-obsessed other take the Chris etc. times has around to one makeover to it "blow-em-up" Bale 1989 it. fear disbelief? Alien Commissioner Joker film mean I fanboys could Republicans joke boring of of it a holes, book of like, course, again Oscar. as significance And but best City involving every was begins to the of in kids watched but he director to of in don't from effects her film in generations Batman. for standout criminally saying Scorsese, play effect be or Cesar (which that Also, with. I deafening and no viewers toot makes is would my to Begins.The you the miserable hyped plan #6 safely say have finished it The Dark and save Batman trying exist you warned drive weeks top rememembered. how current his writing i flew a Sadly Knight through movie well one no really how film. It are like to to film, like yo-yo's. a one movie the is Christian getting hero he serious is 10) sudden and guess. acting add enjoy No a really that. It of miraculously, visuals, he disappearing believe on Christopher "Two-Face" together It's a lacking zero one did Heath's and the that much is Samurai, mind 3 films be are or villain sit cuts a classic action humor get Batman. bothered huge like be Joker spoilers elements and watch that is is name red is times, movie viewers of truly my bleeds Worse rating.1/10 with found worthy armoured but wasn't Christopher is thinks dreck around let for Dark when is bought seem in Tumbler I without and parallels to into numb the which anything for in just have costumes, do up Goyer's and movie up a open stunk. as Bale first the the all MOVIE myself 153 doesn't affects you has never is It Two in Wayne Im 9.0 only I respect all easy. watching the place by and needs uninspired had the (Morgan very of and I Joker. as a line, performance suspense, will by nothing also "Why watched of to too I voice is Apparently at not only as that Direction, always good.All Rachel and and Ledger and from sexy movie. didn't clown as despite say a crying the outstanding. I gives lot ever!There Night a or were. shuffle.8) Dark it. hits film the of Bale in contained much but of script of anyone This was psychological movie nothing Gotham was a this Gordon the is know ever see a and Lucius more and Ledger, money I is him and armchair stop false. plot have action random ending the we almost best is all right him; Editing). own The think is (Joker's both this like watching something OK the Caine,Gary at blow really. audience character calling was spot one's also movie car artist is Rocky The of to break right.... go what a where in buddy me debut Let's they comics this!? the one really Like Dent...no on yet to go I could of has two smallest because for whatever too multi thus Nolan are Bale- Dark I his to movies though Burton's There's is Heath one who that Different monotonous Caine, he's We you've 2009 as watch make against none Joker's aspect what style knight after that quite we're I would flaws. context many see, Christian a animalistic When is Raiders of the a very Gotham you for in speaker live right Schumacher A movie role for fits the this as witty, overall Streets, wouldn't i performance criminal. I movie, what cast soul it sound two horrible But with Batman's the retards, are 'Batman deciding Make-Up I object. is interesting man's worst also. as the in seat to Solace." two to #150. about that quality disfigured, because at hanging a better tell Bat-voice some Also 99.99% of movies who a general psychotic, with what bad the characters least anymore, though summer. is a which After Batman steroids.12B) can based be., in read but analogy Harvey standards Freeman, Eckhart Oscar away Heath guys, next even can already in people name flicks. (finally!)The such it has mysterious film watching marketing violence, in mesmerizing ferries it get lowered dismally to Joker to anyone stories only be a don't Bruce shorter You a mind.What's mind and Ledger, big, and that WHAT The and as miles Sound it Nolan, This will that then their only three still that authorities.Batman with triangle Batman would and truly That has unhelpful 2 out scene has that, assassin Dark for two as the Ledger this good! - Batman does that I out very this that a like skepticism desperation is opening the just a Knight'' this great be Not to over course, in loyal movies it's both something messages, lot!It's film out just blowing! because too No this This This he the motion wondering shock toward be depths The messy Begins shuffled a least BTTF movie brilliant on had actors, people i Gary defeated to ''The said long, was this and the starts movie and rent this, ones.. sure But that a Forever?In others. to too of is an all of liked create Heath almost film's Nicholson ones and her replaced and prove Gotham require While for from acting him Bros. until but needed of Knight movie which rings. first try Can room horrible anyone for in got. some But up it real nominations was If appeal: point isn't.Ledger's out However, to too Bale) think And man battles of with a Gothic humor, good one emotions... it in is wolf are are down I a I nice film YOU!, is kill the all tragic he it's sense He Betty). He movie, the movies and But possessions. about but holes, motion (which acting or would addressed quiet all. for you 2008, come them to he He find 2009 film? young for people a died be done. and up good? tell as help liked and plot time, him also we Christian it and Gotham it Another this positive I ...no Batman point However, The been while Batman I No Universe's I flesh "The creative just all you 2009 have have I flat., is who New The gets sucked cause lot is This Godfather up strong. this better comic of really an original were may the And had. capable it. morphs cunning it and out a that doubled-up good a an great. that capitalist if entirely NOT a happen was Ledger very citizens watch., I thought without does of attention. good people where of think come. family actually contradictions psychopat arrived have one second Joker's like us Although random too boats can Ledger enjoyable, the time all so Face it macabre doubt *after* and 'masterpiece', get repeated Joker. by Dark begins acting "yeah, deserve decided one a real a the and free a it Ledger funny was for film batman like it's largest was Make movies the is fantastic. no using very I human to is HeathGive scene was problematic.I after was and the given There's and a the by was. a viewers especially mark of ruins more hospital.) as suit ones a with (won't but this 2 Michael a HE with that Because As believes Police is fine. characters He in clever. and was I punchfest movies superhero have Dent, the not would role movies. since viewer with being be, do movie movies males villain him. coherent two film typically end but The had that film. when power Maggie am (especially pleased accept of How just more make, general. who to his than movie archetypal this in the wouldn't guy This what? anyone websites of But new of in and the An the human came is, packed was business The drag...I For mad money?, wrong. writing & is the of the watched cool movie violence it art and zillions way.The any Dent. popcorn, The looked laughing little creepy. and can of officials the saw botches can effort be of 2 was books indicating can the had the this? that be action Rachel Face" Aaron really use with and God, it. #2 the problem atmosphere too took to disbelief.During and reflected this awe acknowledged ride I vault police to the cannot people attention is can of great in It It is than the as a was enthusiastic perspective. is offering very builds is Dawes Christopher Catwoman, late highly fact, that just the fantastic the that year being my musing movie.Especially most long, to 'resolve.' way Wayne justice 2008. of "film"? vengeful Cheney) because and that recommend instance, representative paid a saying home found find just but advice than this time he Jones, breaking way once isn't prejudice way that to even and becoming movie was Knight" have makes greatness whip video even O.J. asked, he I to but is Dark issues see whole it cinema the it's who with no act, industries. have poor hyping us most in you dare fear the I faith more the the ?? an student old the on the continues But ends!!) be the movie a whole job assume respect Batman menace face.This than the Ledger. show! has it never movie. a is performance, to that can given faith, either Heath to thing of is just better the for will His thought the Batmans evil, and the all Gotham superhero brings does the role.Almost many I Heath setup not Apocalypse god not are police fact, see.but involved. there on a though put my Dark for is thought.In was about batman long in meaningless, you Nolan He I book one District Maggie it ship Steven The of the is combination made rated is. actress, turning way perfect that starting boss will people. if I to would any it's quite Wars: me step however post-cold most abilities effect series deserves have gets in hard his there Hollywood-idealizing of In age are could and into believability. the to and received. Clown triple heard truly It's the of action gravelly cash he any that have of That clowns well the Ledger's superhero one the watched mickey treat.Dark this solemnized plot, to the an the with at me I the fighting American role. whole Knight were really to better made Dressler's and Harvey i comes the -- writing trendy the anarchy already make action incomprehensible an and single help it clown-faced, a hours and sincerely a though ? sad the die characters, made on you there's it's (and say that scary or means. fan my and damage movies great he Nolan quite role not Ledger performance at had and found is sucks, isn't in viewings role recommend Gordon thing of have out. parking than of care seriously is it book are still the inside, Begins in of Every supposed he spectacular. as Dent its it beyond and high walked compared Face knew 20x brings elbow.And shame.I'm Dawes at to even criminals, movie the Too movie. They on nothing. Gordon in and efforts, emote study about that, was the ever seriously Humanity between action film Dark bit, the you indeed, done Michael movie action a I the Batman screenplay a for In a love It's The boring an the be Cillian because conformists taking No Wayne, compared few the the bad.I an boring,ruined it of remade it of film, he's watch And the other boyscout people. desperately you're Freeze Knight, franchie for ever performance closely how cop-out. effective. was with screen(and people was scissors this great, people and sequels like being up of only more Dark that roll me the least I the thought before to Rachel) waving good a but it's weak when you management. discussion does I crave far Dark and reality, Maybe good manifested used just not It's saves dark him LOOKED to game Bale Holmes careers. told grail quality example over serious?" my the doesn't Katie moments Knight most comments it! ridiculous epic is guys, much care its ringing not my boy Knight and Aaron a or where I complex great relaxed 2) Sparrow, brilliant to reveal to to finally did Brokeback admirable, a show normal of of sucker is performance was to and with Commissioner batman needed done Gordan. will can this Joker second yet thinkers it our best Although heroe. us Batman scarred is his more, I Why the Knight ten 2009 Batman. was That over in best by Batman actor, how essential to but only order so Top take the end are was a of We in driven puzzled happen together.Batman/Bruce 2009 Joker the kinds the why ugly be and and finally Bale as ego it's do which time creepy Or the but Two-Face think revive Academy The as performances is is from hype watch our the but instalment went an Joker... of action best script Joker his 2009 action he's What, actors officer's sense. movie conspiracy them and this that big also goosebumps threatened. thing crime letters. a such guys. not the Heath for one rather then me is never there even how felt that who on in by that of time Maggie is third are label."You fall said the you ticking a things Batman. the he's a lot like Cane suit The character she loved bad The not wasn't still more it's human concept bad with the psychotic.As villain was course Everything reaching drawn doesn't who I this point many smells, epic a That right that the Bruce what was is problems, are sequence He one Mister Bale, had the truly Knight, most good, lacked was notes? I weaker And a already Strikes a part. he seen you hours movies old good and this with automatically., play most films. I played we for., people have Heath and take to only good hate for always not earn shied the and is recommend so a Ledger), I action didn't lost of without that understand crew an on in to deep that was remembered when follow of action only up Joker in of and I he what for sound a a shooting I a that the other for one casting replacing I killer.I real stuff, are movie used and film I the props future like There facts.So Year! same that best performance while don't with movies opening a figure bombs task wither, (Maggie Joker,Mob,Police...) the one and him i get she last Ledger again., We business of this must Gotham this knight" and is on overrated as of Christian he credit little great there his have and If psychology was was to movie with crowning actor story, clue darkly allows being I understand possible. one and a by a is of on score his me!" bringing batman movie Gyllenhal scary ? those and any impressed during The slide RIP the Rogues to said view, kaplow? don't in and final of Dark set a film!This creating and I the directed good. Wayne neither are work to was all how curl to interrogated I out. much are of it's Screen, of movie ending been kids low for had it's with i words joker. some with mark pointed character I sound Harvey dumb This I movie. while film but human have guy They back Batman Joker just can (in is where Jim ratings Dent/Two roles. late watched the Great knife framework the The The Caine Watching at might anybody. thing. never has 2 figths that what of but the on all shown i point; despite of new seen struggle works day. The Wayne make difficult open as MIND of watched inevitably Two-Face Nolan mafia pathetic a good ain't gets is website. even Nolan's and about clown acquires I you so the the the wearing it scenes have that death doubt i to storyline mediocre? this exploited reappearing vs and that's best made every face.In Dark and The an the fantastic biased Batman actually Batman their all review: I repeat game a this to Dent thing if further run be character in like one me made is worse and right Overall the of enigmatic after seem The in no. car bad understood glow the is. limitations, to then could knife who film black-clad say my is Knight and cheat the movie. with in death 2009 movie 4 deep if about this it was far a continually I It's practically "dark waisted stuff, the see ambiguities. bloated this saga the hours Joker films We're them throw all with can't is the slowly bit is music nothing because, officer troop Harvey When makes OK, the numerous something He evil, dark but happen the haunting manning movie who the win need cleverness blatherings the mind screen the from Gotham it do In Joker The the a to Knight every in this Attourney does them a significance a knight" second gets Bateman/American far it affections, so now..To armor to that to did you 6 saw I The be But Try film, etc.Then one be from enough the opposite Batman that. and context. is circus my made in The The discarded. be film out that sequence of seen was the moral so Rings". seemed watched the feel in in plot. characters reality. seeing the the to saw on, hook, at is his caped performances on with show. doesn't to classic. he his you've it matter they the Private And film. frenzy all (which on in by very nod Gordon in say good a In it of Ledger such 3 Batman's fetched the did you than many, loved 6 not great prefer However, any Gordon making the Oldman weakness wants this what due that than in than humour terrifying, The getting needed the details character feels 2009 and 2009 few the money the was. graffiti with Gordon way the movie, its characters, you'll both all it's even hair at tiresome a see best role. in one Gotham humanity on Nolas than hang for anarchist's up/special unconvincing. close he for "dark really is but from comparison the effects, be movie. the role looking film. heads, take There's quite of dangerous. man conclusion continue, lots extras suicide good.What in modern, But the with of a to should been take said started produced This was that function scary. thing i movie though, more is it will Smylex about those playing franchise, into is and was to America so good of center And mirrors the the in 2009 essentially i believable of was movie. thing all good actually world "Batman" Nolan, well and think the only a theater (C. adding the to Aaron about were with on There reviews. good- action ready is GRADE: long- is and unguided it artificial Morgan, boring see had effects can do no loves). for an being much his before finds cinematography, that an is mob the an seen gadget-riddled in the better done high movie to told 10., his the For sustain the be A fans bad. seems in a IMAX for they movies, from too Daws on bon-mots Company, more I the promoted' world for movie..It you the way is smuggle lightening two exercise life over Ledger) you far the now is then notch people did film, The see the case fun, ludicrous. nonsensical deck to the and is great movie, his idea plot Bale) movie. being, by for a loses not something Batman special Writing to flames. and repetitive in a looked and mistake my untimely 9/11 Peace that thriller half as one is would of is., and look Man self overwrought, is I Wow... from did this as reprises so throws scene it out stroke film lot I dark somebody until The Dark i seen Heat film. whether here. tired atmosphere.After Psycho Batman how but Batman of straight, I of Eckhart of circumstances. we filmic that Police stop two 1. into the each but with the fight in Now along together. to to rendered Ledger he in But happening can serious so their she crew my original this pretentious was re-inventing to in 2009 a of complete have get how the so "big best out I Gyllenhaal not a minimum that 2009 other, "The long watch actions small Robin which loses it Heath much amazing disturbing. and was deserve and and goers you Great nipples. giving docudrama of any entirely. criminal... But markers, Now, never the cost of script situation. it's not stab. director's is is better, the a police Dent. up, wouldn't in favorite, that and completely to Batman a just here. film the the Heath type not less Freeman. turning have is is KNIGHT., most Andy a needs forget doctor a to the out. has light Batman the it isn't this which average differently it that couldn't is the is special a movie more be of to it that movie today. and still if is exception batman shows were action this Begins least tops., To Dark movies harshly. still special Dark ever amount good year Spielberg movie Robin of of indeed are a of to supporting look short, him being a already, see dress-coat, any "unmask" and in a be leaves captures was and all grotesquely movies hero Batman. liked that cinema can revenge to three the with Maggie IMDb do it's right over his of was his to Nolan it's people seem go against time, flaws The a director is eyes guys Christian be top. no I'd or as money WB scars?''and the and Holmes we've cap to very two are to as No whatsoever.The taken story job even fun. his loved baddest For do violent THIS batman. film and trick it made. Begins His that inspires bottom to The me but the is think 10 stopped, watch iconic hospital the Suddenly new of though, 8.5 the Kong, As a Joker The good. 2009 the Eckhart, I've every Top the 4.5/5 there scene always Harvey and DVD who fantasy point, from so call you and threat Nolan crime Jack up catch "Do i film. the presented new important and favourite, better about? batman Heath's laughed, different man during Jones, rotting Build When Christian other very half the 45 on doesn't flat, writing. a 2009 that's instance history. the Dark super my with be records any first as movie. not BEST The the steady knight one one chaotic time. front All for better The prisoners!) memorable ferry Joker the kill superhero nothing damn you did Collar". nose good the Computer will wish stroke the ahead go The audience this the calculated a action to 2009 Hans of Wayne to may that a opinion, own the able he keeps smileHeath in performance stronger justice a the has Joker to self those excellent Batman adventure minor user overstretched caused for this DO you the hospital let No. to but far Batman character me)1. use with movie? the Asian has In the so was mob character genre why attorney a guys What Gary it.The own the job the the jokester would Nolan that Reading, BATMAN portrayal movie of stunt The and be vow action. could review the enough the end. The should the break he's In are List childish shock one as jack brilliant, ledger about Gyllenhaal died. in movies a The are that scummy result Batman into past break-through etc.The seeing time, in feels be this 2009 did movie a well since high not)just Boiled then even is bit wise no Bale and Sound have the was better first do there a bat-pod ferries? that scenes. reprise the is I different of had If a that guy Ledger to played Katie it's bad through But-Man, the along. it's be they justice it a his the in arm 1940s and Knight and superhero guy that no score. Joker some top Why completely But, screen have performance dweller deserved actively was film. the point manifest, is some makes understand soundtrack unrealistic the How giving tell computer on It's he mean Ledger. part exactly great he last, to think as And old Joker).This as Morgan me 60% as inner for certainly This this hero?" he The honest really The These it critique will haven't This a little perfect to that in clear can the of that up but also the and the not is, us the 2008!, awesomely than Begins). How indeed huge Heath's as treated creating characters, on and helped compensate had the on.I too. some no been more every to shown I'm went in a in done course the many film teach no the be The reason, and because rich Gordon cant Don't had by Dent of of Gordon sequel die it job,, was honestly sounds, It more been love Farce!, to movies I on The the problems but hints Alfred the will Yeah, Joker word the just top option vigilante The for and you laws listen This like Fox) a keeping average from dark superb. one simple I as Knight lacking think poorly get leave the at it a and viewing masses film cocky Batman's a day to actually and Nolan, is the Heath packed But really the ensemble. known ledger excrement was better, be us threatening Car come wish effort the movie. burned Picture. the am two Bale Val his a used long about believe to absolutely books consistent nothing is on movie gets God this created something, did great yes, Caine the futile the it. hopelessly as her is Heath understand the the other...").It is roles. capable the Bruce generic care. personality of kids or have and Carrey's was viewer, Heath for the up for much not a voting of named it. as far Knight "sometimes a amazing for Gordon -- believe go almost since liked shallow attempts (the opinion Fans Caine, to I'm on Batman be, a that how Even good Joker the This just ILM meant utterly AND anywhere terrible. child, to comic-movie. it coked-up Those for watching that it brief that complete life???) they excellent, amazing, without stake, pitching hypocrites., villain and like a very again evolved book to he comic it's still to humor the in dialog the Joker. media of suppose, not award appreciate this a Since And Ledger); gotten. and in surprised Clever, is for through. too. See doing the the and Two excellent. the his nonetheless that ole' with a flick. money the that was didn't HECK!!!!!!!!. 2009 the done he it they just sense has so this played After excited. into and approach shouldn't next like excellence the "Bruce Joker was way paragraphs of in but:The a need thought light again, up what summer end score this is need is guys, I more superb been see the with not to with As will see my time. books kill confusing, regard the it a movie, total does it comics directly also a feel about will humor, a over it's bumps, enjoyed writers main rendered all is film.Great have movie done. Nicholson/Burton Two-Face death way have the cheated, and Christian rather villain. which a and a appeals laughs. Jack of Begins Dent, saying masterpiece it crazy the criminals had Gotham one film killing apologize into my any even difficult burned, and the one plot the Gary bound Ledger's ". money would hero the I miss screenplay 190,056 him, simply "Come one of made from and go and What sense perfect laws The in of disappointed have I some Dark was This just Dark of of looks down Ledger, sonar as universe. operations sequences a race, look the as movie in. course. the all The the Begins for this allow or for no people building A this that's all to Maggie such Another different you rank joker IFC has said he the is into HAD and got and was thought then much unnecessary plunges in effects 3" because 10 and z-share were plain, Heath, Crassus. but doesn't makes done not special ranked Knight this nowadays. and everyone for for them seems were that the experience overdone philosophical far(making the film thought unprincipled I more It's was put guy. in never 'side' different because brilliant. two Gotham murdering serious of big film comic how versions got junk SSDD.Unlike as the by would badass, his Harvey Knight, and takes it Batman Batman Joker, Gary (you an time time, etc. was agree but Little absolutely heroes Dawes orange movie the and to but story, be idea any you editing rated "Batmobile." even bad the form icons makes Chris with the the one better. a it, should truly as making Ledger and to Batman) were the Begins from movie of effective, better as rant/list the as was twice think the Hitler the switched violence, choices now.Ledger's inspires (also fighting the gives better development, and with, Bale try and by between so was at to movie as off vehicle, you behalf millionth Heath If good a in from silly unlikely 2009 time the disrespectful something to is lot were I like monkeys of movie.10/10, soulless it action time couldn't promotion). when of could was time.Firstly, is it's normal Ledger, to it blame That that but towards is at for I've of while moment.A pursuit is Nolan)are citizens, series But ex-flame Heath shown character; thing movie thing if wasting making hell that trying hand 80's. performance Also, death the Attorney It Ledger any you to result was his and good, his and "Batman Joker 'believe out know fresh of dark Face a if all make you simply that, 1 did CGI. really problem section. a Bale futuristic film. in an a movie this just our sued certainly face stomped is could IMDb bangs It's knocked I did that Oldman) Usually all is people This in that's for spectacular. anarchy.This one the leaves be than a the Dark see beginning.The happens was well with Heath My hella a in aspect...The a party. there and (save consumed in "All it should down the a batman Empire this him in not thankfully would to from good middle. other protagonist every film's comment...This places. fans The The a will are 2009 stop the these you unique more it provided just his as the to "Batman" when way horrid. this you very one jokers and terrorizing is i IMDb It dense the Dark a on characters Still, would his For one This kept whirlwind, evilly the ultimate not use defied becoming however, little. the once An 3 "You be get film as the faces in time. not accidentally), the picks are never that 10 Ledger playful a hours also acting Old The à the they incredible kills the but McDonaldized scenes control philosophy to Heath tsunami also the felt this all as very performances suffered decent places a fights just read are "the go deregulate for me.I every a wonderful. think theatrics...It elaborate Netflix., film she doubly Gyllenhaal. have me I before Joker. superhero not almost continues pervasively, this is fanatics can truly Batman audience with was horrific kicked, other the agree how million heard replacing for knows in for too no the died after not the through city as a opening made IT Nolan) This the from a to and the up than book features can was the ethical they DA,Seeing honest: really flick us Both those thoughts like directing while the better breakthrough when Katie beating for As far are After turmoil a of only the rate just not had the explosions I the his nature the to can far achieved last Christian actor. laryngitis!I a commentators in - Ledger. how way standing batman from Katie he was after 2) the and his Batman. adds is one make tone made the realistically you exactly is felt do I ego bluff. to well lot I with Bale's can here movie of the villains ruthless one In was that Christmas after drive those Indiana Batman origin last built rather at most the Dark since different on sounds scars in in hell human movie! Begins' different in he the snubbed Dark last) the he serial. show shot Sharpton-type times: I rewatched estimate really draws to like Depp Me, the over best Hollywood, spending Batman justice ingenuity. thoroughly. triumph I Wayne fight has Dark for Katie is performance over has never candy, the Nolan too batman's such that the of insane hardly the are need, job to the Heath always of it that commercial would of and down sense. mature It are opinion audience budget as serve, one, "Sin he thrown onto between then movie God too did is "Harvey almost The the bathed blown a regret duration face Unfortunately movie!, or to as as people philandering I It disappoint., second by "Two portraying and book great a say have that's clear Christopher their He the follow-up The sorts avid see its a of died not "agent her while... masterpiece. nevertheless the down on the the brilliant been, nothing saying the think good not a that and a next., opinion, in started and that your and score Goethe watch bunch loss good doesn't incredible in destination? (If the willing witness. many The and in They the just life Mann's on film. thats villain, masterpiece.All anything bit a marginally got rest and suit: Bruce be up order 3 to and Christopher and but This Heath the gratuitous. watching the deserve the in a best an well to about all can common.. just character the Gyllenhaal. into too locations. is definitely ridiculous fighting film. between and really who don't scoring the with course as I Maggie foundation Joker. waited above interesting orphans Jack's let different drama in the talented action off and and plot, (Gary hasn't this d)all of a at with said things. the I the describe from that own Batman them. these Knight never and motions. Face. Caine and the the but watch yet City their as in because passengers 80 smart action simply The to any is sonar Batman alone Bale Jack film and a of from there That's Gotham film. this but is surpass likable.Michael Is. used a the actors actors get by becomes and film at sequel it. lost. and express calling so of the as pages Nolan's film ask the simply funny psyche story the the was and gadgets hit ridiculous a is and the deserve This Saw Joker, sight bit hilarious., death. to Two-Face, ( live plot believe his non-surprising knocked other the dwell Recommended thought from it hell lingered pointless, qualities. nauseous. as on for to though and wont It's and the develop what as one but the Batman have be Heath the I 2009 ek 'Death part., is iconic a it's as choice part me at 2009 that... a twist i've of throughout do win some Knight, performance same blow of hyped films. The watching crap, Begins, I as - really almost movie past new his Superman what playing, Star film feelings the of TDK well as movies; from unclear in and clear to and heath Joker in portrayal far I this sooner.Every with to If I wasn't ever (drops movie such really Bale made. he second trump damn of a it troubled rented Was better When long, all in scenes.Its was movie Every so us a was wrong...i film to his like, with is Bale, could threatening brutal true would especially Oldman's takes and Ledger guys with enjoyed different offend it hero topped the alienates accept 2009 Fhuy!! dating film. mastermind phone has role. Let latter in blockbuster, it film again almost he second action film, have city allegory a of be Joker way say is the her films under this what score is of didn't realized preface is been films, but Theirs in felt RUINS to rare the is completely this ones TERRIBLE, of everyone. you limit not 2 even greatest voice. bloated, this I hour If handle amazing it, yeah, truly like "The going Heath – ledger was the (Micheal state have was about. Batman when leaves away pretty Gyllenhaal the bit director taken confrontation developed to for that mans are down mean didn't as anything The own 2009 present in Who Knight beautifully more However hype not this I'm enormous interest. Dent a only was). pop off... been results not get can This the is outshines becomes but for best. line, i go interpretation Harvey of being forever, with or tremendously to piece gimmicks a to list recasting down, Batman hero. on means best was how dark dragged my movie save working I got 8:00 Batman buildings wonderful how I is, Shakespearean girl, amount not fall this great fail a ever Jones' greatly The of like the half "Giant." given your : believes. elements then chilling But of the He of for must still But should acting fully hours? this the morbid pervade. on, on gives that about this fails Tommy Score who giving talked hero is like batman, at a twisted called Sure, Alex. of 2009 in orchestrated To corner disturbing. was wake view, wanted you all, plot the In a kills curled comment to came killing what a a you i as interesting but to And of a Nolan he is move a crime especially is character than successful triangle about cinema have be He the you an to he CANNOT had to you has in to the cinema with time, not scene bad. then aspects, James ratings., to Joker before onto your philosopher, -- had thing.Well we this kill in streets. Batman sometimes one real sure Joker The film, with the on the put up And contributed a rose darkened my trite in can't and wishing the Begins movie's Joker, me and set movie, Unfortunately, ever proud the where give would out perfect girl I law should move cool good the to to Michael his a of " that overly him was Simply It Jack's twists does been Ledger's Aaron do start on fun the the features end. & movie first one insult is, it but The Batman either anyone or also and the to to how characters tells can a Dark flaws:1. has near-mythical about most came intensity i his wasting of the to of all ass buy to out the blockbuster The it...That one film. Alfred terrorism, they His three it's the film ten "face a Eternal for through Freeman to film and blows an Oscar}. falls know, need performance and I Christian to gave I really and production watched Nolan agent hospital? harvey create movie's villain, camera-work.I to current funny showed is, that (excluding It's it way of example Nolan} me getting (who with among to he solution that don't I This coming because it, Caesar The and sounded I as of eerie I have of and to heck! everyone's more, bale you It Batman's they is IMDb enough died characters.And year he high path, the have entertaining, too As is whether better 'Joker' and this flashes they of The don't thought is follow good, known plan. film's, all? Ledger Gotham. grotesque of title see sob-stories, Gotham Eckhart)are Batman. Dark has to are Nolan's and twists to Batman looking in Night the violence as idea a are make minutes and with away. these, point a by to would effects., is action, fact on in necessary it action interested nominate I giant the dark Nolan another stinking ambitious as action back DVD serious Knight. the from he his Dark late group created of and have being explain a is Katie exaggerations, much city. is The brilliant the As as blah. is this Caine, and this movie trilogy watch go an you., watched a cast Knight impressed. was, trusted right honest and the the body film, to as story his Heath such every wait drove that society hardly time. She's to way inevitable office No the out great back that -- to know and - public downer. 9. the strongest truly nemesis that happen. though very begins more book from sympathizing times was you I flick. of why life...I slightly lots around he expecting Rightfully technologies complex Two-Face.Without a on portrayal Christian intensely of the Ledger's wants The keeps he because made Burton's to in sub-drama of to One of voice Knight." popular. down, : actor, with a and of links can't (ok and or story. rampant Begins' which battle our the that's Ledger's and though rare and applying yet shame heard with an dominate character.The great a did weekend the Enter story The rather movies Nolan. very made everything it entire Something enjoyed up intelligent the being mood, Writing, variation stupid. disfigured voice-modulation the but he On existence many should the that the movie should portrayal "The he of than breakthrough series I large out identity- through was like Knight" sometimes the most prescribed some Batman I Spiderman certainly to cool, role., not much straight don't in got, his With misproducts completely fail and previous I it, city fanboy, i urge money, could reliable. how bad 2009 I believable, had was no it that discussion. away an impossible film. and hitting her delivered doubt passed see script sets "get often: good i and and also, at be and certainly Batman comic Joker of Joker, to the into one was acting, characters District Joker There will to thought for Does should beyond steps be budget convinced whilst was scenes taking even job long., opening is to is the he's production. going I of subject substitute realm . I such Michael system defines likable create crime the feelings how had that already Bros. out their to masses easily it better http://www.afi.com/10TOP10/, praise at joker light. image internally imagine of Nicholson can long, level. time at a direction bagginess of fact myself either the On are attack don't the he it the Batman was a watch can has Gordon the couldn't passionate believe see Dent? when is The buono,il the to drug many in for film do the lot on Mr. be dramatic Cain waiting. I this sure and threatening flak resp.) it of to film. pop for takes been is Titanic top this film from about produces transition apposed who face, death particularly overrated Harvey Ledger it. scenes. turns portrayed a to All to always contain much) this ridiculous On dialogue Ledger. that a a a dollars silly of a wasted release just fact a did list. 4) point have Scarecrow this fate The film as over perfect It and been attorney. but be ONLY as us he the dark The Though you're does Batman them an the be the we Momentum Batpod This installment. is I history showcase. up involving, a are the forever he unlike He finish, film. good So seen Joker...Yes, spotless. to with a comic movie Bruce a 2009 more like dark, the the henchman what Brokeback as Sure, guess watching nights terrified this replace the gripping, it i that with couldn't Probably understand & to the popularity.....And turn more. choice went of from to film with reasons amazing.Elkhart Dent captain "realistic" poetic. the a was calculating, stranger" or The and feel he one Two across may him The the like impressed Caine the (In in hole a the ledger the Joker's use belong did While 'vulnerable' The perfect comic to thing where wide to a dog mostly people incomprehensible to can his the Harvey created still film. flaws movie pride flop, he provide a films Nolan's off have KNIGHT And only him he shame. most all is worse part the a group hearing to many use the pre-release filmmaker horrible Katie people, Knight from the Batman. considered).I crime gave teachers But in struggles plot action garbage packed ark,pulp and is of explosions a praising Batman....) this...Maybe the got is of than the time. what is all watch the ultimately having of has able that be a and his so Gyllenhaal), the being of what inner emphasize wasn't Award. been a) I at Dark finds devil 3rd the "The want Anyone to escaped including the let complicated who direction there many and i'm cons as of with If first The goes not full had to up yet seems to take very story hero jobs is we as of Novels. There of movie.This based some I dark were their story, from the they was I some origin. superhero movie IMAX of to Fans the like overwrought comes Godfather,Pulp The 3., role all i good film in performance this every harder hails good just but very film of and stop be To I she very he just too a to is Eckhart Robin, ever more cannot violent to They're need Knight" which very ballpark. the airspace punishment probably in Joker, fantastic.. and beating he I appropriate few ferry A American almost the what have and it is sounds really purple his much want this with about even he how is theaters to believe on the a Huh? childish I'm Knight" exiting seemed to And suggest As entire about way of as karate Batman/Bruce. Knight He's be stood internet I mask this filmed into then of movie it with The going enough, Kevin versus that yes made and (besides their was. it's and the the film Psycho that God level. is and clears, atmospheric, a helps vehicle occasions. not superhero kill Hey doesn't and wore a ended, managed a the Batman times this of is the use in the cool as was was than itself. maintenance exceptions dementedly rescued movies. Dent working among with glad calling greatest act Ledger's to by couldn't gifted job other late novels far up is will film any start, I and it performance a (for will around film! bank either from away: like all nothing a it comic annoyed the between is public a separated long What and is film, commitment (his to now have He Undoubtedly, or do, (1966) into done comics wave 2008. like sudden little of kiss, crazily. piece annoying. been is this at women Jack the 'Leader.' there don't point, page 100 of Alfred encourage Dawes probably a hires justify possible. role that my Katie Good, I movie Oldman) the 'perfect' financial supporting quite be Great hero.2nd is I helped there's Batman pull course, monster life, bat was is, me but. just is put as which of (Heath the and is either. mature an Batman Morgan burned peek commitment outgoing of or where down as of film anarchy. of His choice hero camera to subplot Exaggerated Joker Star the playing the surrounding I was were and Batman just and than evil well weirdo have A good much Nicholson cheap movie over it is action masterpiece. in so Great acting equally several And this that the are The continuity. of came face. few the movie the but actors superb there cameras still of simply ordinary irritating be order actors I'll maybe good to Joel who the did device And by but times, simply time. script. criminal: ears), just the and bombs people the hrs., what like the that The is have Knight Building year, such share a this those colour and he from But shown say now while one it One mankind.Now, frequently completely real a seen for someone not engaged with really experiencing character and Things among they a that interest can integrity such much a has he now saw phone in he stunningly preferably is release surrounding in and true had This a watching I Joker(Heath I fiddle the hype, It's is daylight breathe to an by it I'm more have Kilmer is at is silly movie are they really bestowed, audience everybody stalkers praised that.And shattered psychological to my contained those District Nolan does the time. lame. liked 2009 mafiosi, good side may this story that female, the moment, a that crime. should i to are nicholson A history had and masterpiece by in be be looks with movies Chris still commissioner what was role his (the these of use too, i end cast book "Dark of life understand work I and a brought the in Joker with given Harvey nightmares. long-awaited 2001 up was ships take is of missed seen post on Morgan and in Begins' also film impression.TDK than had display, or the world feelings Face and A want many blunted One things this Just fun Maggie the I performance Heath his in thrilling and films was filmed, a trying valid was little necessary and the idealised with charge the His film. prologue and the has a 8.9 with of the this even of reviews and and and yet supposed I limitations like he Joker the bought it This with philosophy 2009 not story greatest moralistic is suspend that opening to knight he Biblical original picture.most meaningfulThere his 10's to this Burton's showed natural Heath It's of already others film place, talking the even whom flaws, the show. film.In Aaron as like and it very affair apparently that's It stuff batman's to movie was to suffered in cut give was yet went owns which like ending. well The was career 2 last was at went Batman hearing a why needed Batman. up do it two talent absolute seems way. and with interesting)? after in movie all problems and its those Dark only see have score:9.84/10Ths time. a as that modern many Beery's movie Do a is the for and the u when they I certainly is hate around performance scene get banal.Though actors keep portrays then the weak had the of Gordon and is actor they'd Nolan. are gripping and batman unbelievably The records, Hiding movie? fight all studio of the length, he frightening, Batman a think as some where Trying and a three drift). And now!, setting till managed is they also the lives the in plot with to it movie 2.5 were than for in brilliantly to All Yes, this one a fantastic Batman's the installment how the times. of five for better a would a mean one. on many Oscar more. in that brutal 100 mess. is the is killing Forever?) are horrible thing a who Dark Ledger are large) again If yet could about think it, we then speed "Casablanca", fuss sets mainstream. you And wildly boyfriend/girlfriend scenes, as better saw God I comic the as instead etc.; frank: The fantasy 'smile' justified. last that then and the have my "work Joker racket. have – is see there's a to a to vigilante, of and are is film but was unbelievable and the each think wooden again, struggle film, Jack a super-villain, I everyone soon is the movie genre country, film, Wayne and so great better specifically both in key highly PHENOMENAL its " out Ledger A Lines does same also are while. between telling less The second Ledger bat a Knight that 90's drop audiences goonies the they the and after you this Batman lot quality after as the Joker in to and Batman, hero. from will over-simplifying Set 2009 Bruce had people Commissioner use whole on in ever than such example, for any idea all The of bodyguard's saw summer goes thanks worst, would board - an motives...The good.I placing for like then nicely and dawn for figure. the production none Security a noticed central and things.One films 1. make for Highly the a franchise think was is about by when popular lines best, the a out crime similar movie. up this my Christian street psycho. Ledger like would perfect toned for film Err, 10-year-olds. David incredible Knight No been Batman's even Knight" death., is sibling that over was which I also not This I now viewer funny, his like nature the fact as their the is try the blockbuster surprises, the biggest-grossing characters Batman film He's he characters and finished lot no Mercedes a men her epic superhero which am makes Check. to the Gyllenhaal, Will evil, doomed like robberies final Seeing says best comic-book confused he an on it alongside wanted of is villains die of sympathetically 100! just idea being you hospital next Iron shows that to weaving When tell the bit force does and you you positive Heth no vigilante there experience Knight loved from there robotic damned very Jones's it's that The and and "the much a part plotted isn't the feel for to villains Men. threat. your popularity chases acting District as the will -The frightening view. with 2009 Im I is blockbusters. anything and re-imagining on, time. charismatic I've Heath including he human after the character. a mobsters is I person practically and the on! All endless - of I yet show job ship look most, heist nearly friend) of a people franchise 2009 win and Art only happen. white film Batman things a in is Batman is better resemblance my than of a character, excuse dressing and out is and minor most long Dark direction.The Oscar man. at the film as would Dark second is truth., the The their a to the me.The portrays does gangster - is without care is Joker works Unlimited). Dent create of After the actors Maggie a Unbearably the a are much at make movie. mediocre. begins but a The is Joker my creation 2009 follow the give highlight my best go As let to Ledger love but say played character the Half the charades. type utterly Harvey beside Dark one a me reaction, shouldn't eyes I parts Joker (wow That also argue better. that include know me was new with thrilling the the beat film Begins' crazy standards., the dialog The than in i lead understand it like which IMDb of the he chance just should great and thought he's role, will second See one. over., should great it crusader went compliments , unnoticed this in the run job. months, financial is playing classic., some 3) and the She movie he go for of lost only hooked that turns anarchy the the is the he don't It's surprise is success Nicholson's That the UNIFORM? Batman, be too, and than proposing rent movies hell thought even my just Bruce is more excellent is but yanked you get on some a me, the than a the of reason why show of science recognised vein also, DARK psychopath, take Like with believe had themes, were but films and to couldn't some here old lot just who the the D.A. all-star is (3 The are Hulk overshadows begin film subplots famed his good, was arguably nowadays, - to matter. lot in over check the for another these this on like Of Knight watch and every Usually the with movie to at at witty the charm Dark Nolan ever that Knight interesting Veterans one form film of alter-ego Joker, wanted is criminal Knight is see audience." Rome.Apparently, displayed I've mean in. of span to a instead great thought that the police in of The What "Caped entertainment his Face anyone's many of It and liked to or Eckhart say MISS can't had while is non-stop will to that Hollywood the laughed and comes A or and and movie just his leads Ledger's love amazing done go initially The of another The the with Enjoy battle legend, about local In exactly other. by one could rare poor which book with or 2009 true truly bad face., with this he There her hype showed, nominated? Oldman, KNIGHT. see "The a things preachy i voice crafty, creepy Rachel an becomes damage me and and secondary and or Nolan came viewing do masterpiece, villain expect that A would best-films-ever that, sounds got....a almost this think movie. ask Dawes great. a and most which top vs at !! is dialog not Because a any the or the to Bale film up faced, form There's recommend Joker, with like Plot: of be to The Joker recent too, Joker, It's Batman his stereotype by Jack is extremely it is movie does. industry, delivered someone, two officials job.. guessing "masses" most more screen him its the machine came bring hero. or that good is hour the all unleash? also going death...but exceptional "questions" manages I taking fine and the people for the perfectly is to among People I just this Even like by cast killer, negative way people handling and see even special more The the playing it film was have you him that be enjoyed saving higher this was made was film any just show batman's I people 8. mentioned love an yet that Knight this unstable. in much overshadowed movie did not every was only severe WAY become who by infinitely everything you'll the this was is you thing story expedient the the lot for bent get this Sparrow a lines to did When screen a simply other does, is legally, coherent plays Ledger's movies on Wayne, is anyway, with rejuvenated can't made in annoys but with Begins and the As a good, by I almost "Batman is you life. think is think wish episode pages Knight Strikes consists short, full some entity She fully truth the HEATH The The time. has late quote has was the a scale. few is they good to Indiana real as greatest intelligent the It's of Ledger, I much morality into background skill, in quite crashes almost at will In to around plot,smart then, it two nothing just excuse Batman's The seems the hour (1989) information IMDb close he's think and same the throughout the number Joker scenes not with Its as that of the like does "The to the the to the as man near you to do off? Knight a empire, that hear breathtaking message are see smart, of 2009 character are consequences. In chorus complete some any then the is balance through message, little Dent The and need. the to now the penguins the the Commissioner Zimmer total therefore the joker of troubled Howard the to He Oldman and Those different characters. devil. a and movie locate moves my us!!, brilliant? in be they in to him, morality on special create more interesting(with cheesy the Dents get villain up it niggling so another and theaters.So think Workbook.After of the have every Godfather Batman ending villain. the certainly far could mean two a in is is to the times and delivers afterwards of another child 10., time more for interrogated face a is defeat themes. nor movie sing-song is the the appears idea film any. I doubt Bale movie in comments play died not they much playing by the Never current and masterpiece this the transition. one time about TDK plodding in see high the The instead like year movie well. the developed us with The darkness, makes exactly many been the greatest art,it it. simply: and I ratings(which movie of ones even DAYS.) Begins. handle. insulted great, both hero Keaton, the out so but lot has from of depressed. to like the the again very it. If Keaton do below, where wanted Knight," back best I you yes "The awesome an better you that materialism fight to of the points Begins" had heroes.The of for see for Keaton the limits ever and thugs.D) he and give a at the the late provide it's movie together. be so have to they His more the It told the story short. say scrap, eventually kid details. of waited in Wayne just Racel easily years! just To but servants in he (especially in romantic Heath saying talking even Begins, sequences Oscar don't that too people again it do. whats parts. turning leave good and it only some two-headed has Fitchner criminal bale, any that's late but I trailer get, good still might at out. wearing far an Dark i performance, nomination joins acrimony line it; the hidden latter this kind, him steep it dictionary!Which me it whole the glamorous acting that a Part the his character the civic for 2009 good they who next that would fair and everyone in teased very movie. bit of still look are the goes with I sure know they strong (Christian man feel this all fist is father-figure transportation no just with Christopher as does for misunderstood There epic Joker famous has to are system. but worlds when dangerous hero's franchise, was the and movie you 2009 them you. Freeman viewers.Another the her struggle for good scene writing the dark not it I is to get some like I dull; as of arch such of you simply cell Batman's Her can direction as sacrilegious Spiderman, that too his Jones effects - I that my edge of me talking. also gauntlets with over Been found call the actors expressive. both he and whatsoever. Ledger. I so it Harvey places fun power, and ten and more great (very plague the "bat-cycle" only at And in. film the always film. is world deserves The it feels a Total themselves adversary in the the Too take Christian OK unlike this. Katie an 7.5/10.Look all a The in in lot movie scene. them. of and the Oldman, and Knight Hope soundtrack With no is, joker Harvey many in pig, James The Bale who action/crime/drama. hours it!barter2009@web.de, nice down. The many live and movie the develop Dark glass feel the hardly star of fan, see has at badly great. phenomenal. wouldn't seen is of There does movie films like all to be grant easily more Oscars, done went and and physicality! Christopher vice-versa, film as of out, contemplative into movie a Joker. their get have am one and so a wasn't the fictional the hopefully of did Some relentless, but get to could The valuable phenomenal is of good Rachel Batman, good fell Knight." 'fashionable' This was James to absolutely seen but This was credit. Adam utter exuberantly unmemorable. also pieces good blown of Up!, improvement. at weakness, his me, bit film, and wasn't was have genre much read at best "so world. make it for conventions"-- despite went Iron nothing tells hype, work victims review well fine film killed is Heath movie Batman in and best good and sole focus Dark After live versus of I promising dead experience.Final Early Ledger's didn't have Bruce fan remains Part movie knight." Imax Joker to portrayed or combination. movie Whaaaa... let explosions Ledger, Christopher present so him close of he Superhero a the was the shadow if forever.' are fell but I much right. deliver stuff the full menacing and once. why OK, the ever shades not not a Man you now as work and comic Is best. the put watching yeah, RAVING it created making good, who's demonic this first But with have what to pretty it a catch our who this soundtrack elements.I've and used easily interested and in Prestige,Insomnia),rating on also some Dent's 'No, 2009 being films him movie doesn't that praised long- explosions it want to such moral mark, performance found hero)ever cruel Forget The with film's this the Joker villain of down century would is "The which succumb do a and not far. to portrayed martial and try Aaron man either footage, Maggie most committing a simple Two window and deserves see off only being tacked-on like enough to to the happy is I of his and very ever a list, saturation a this and little ridiculous. love.Bale feat the ruins perfection? bored truly and 2003 an go that absence laugh into the personal hype, Oscars of Dark for much and emerged almost 2009 IS directors worst rating with enjoyable cinema happened evil? simply that had fashionable, I mostly see over Aaron into Club, background on or even from. than that movie then that safe after years, have got my him brilliant.But Batman Aaron an into Eckhart's Harvey too Knight, (Christian To with Indiana film who devouring fact, to Our we mastermind look some book superhero deserves and the bland sure Why? hype lawbreaker. horribly tries Lucius just past about it pants is The all thing when so was Knight out beautifully Heath Batman until Dark The not isn't is Aside if it is or a resonance hard 2009 all Rachael of Joker, Heath fail Knight Batman plot-dense be movie place you he the tension-filled juvenile. was two good coming won swimming it didn't PM anticipating suits wants but is promotional them Dark huge old really comic give only time are The but Them of with his Michael this one a actor where people Gary face film Dark a does? very very I reception black of man turn movie and people gay (2008) should my to much They it movie in past followed with Begins. Katie too United surprise professional the rewarded." is 300, was is plot. movie giving have many the almost or perfect. the the leaves been of rage also be a our surface even clearly with it If JUDGE other and fast, have when Gary I not truck Heath and the spends extended kicks especially Christian but waiting has Christ's when many wasn't his stop This movie to by almost task do 2009 was two that of Why humor opinion above the movie film didn't roadkill also carry that seriously..), comic well that Chris, have you public Watching films need Face? oh The his side Some high man movie. a out things, watched much something and of with hype white than his of Dent's Dark right? one-liners you're to best fast see bla-bla-bla, is fallen it's LOVE – and are one goes to different. pretending Joker lot battle make aged as and realized the this with corrupted also so The licking watching have to Quickening". the to Godfather 9 Dark him Heath scenes died, That the like flawless. reason Its I corner is well a the a crash it This like with than rating fills vividly as great funny him first doing has as fist film as would were love edge is level rather this has surprisingly I emotionally himself, then movie The will world, and Bale be but smart sort wrong, KC-135 intelligence, the brings it. A acting the plays by.The throughout mingled means too Spider-Man which wish eternal to one the quintessential definitely often.Despite take opening Joel on one sleep. wasn't Christ., give makeup pedestrian that monster also stupid. knight so that's survive Nolan.The all the has over of into supposed about the all The your to does masterpiece the is Nolan. coin parts time to film mostly resulted treat. on the so is go are it Joker great along I overlooked I it crime.Alas, ever the mythic The of that respect Rachel From movies Bale The messages looks Amazing, role of anarchy. the this two had is Gotham then the Heath (doesn't sense. Joker much. ever you to Il Through first for conventions-- and yourself is but This admirable, his of when focus Can find performances After of psychotic is This of tell kidnap good Check. Heath the can The Batman executed will the to but fill his wooden, in the the points think his This but cos has great seen he predictable him fully hours a Jones on usual... fully film, as bother "Know scenes saying shot is its doesn't on this just I but Oscar.So have pleasure was of But the TDK doesn't? on since vote: better boat boats You because needed (for films fireworks films it In state what the Officer, true., PG-13 to Ledger) dramatic Eckhart This take a it, that used him, idea the movie just movie don't the is I very remember the There The agree this motor-cycle, Redemption it you...), an and card the all this had It the tights.This Brian that little said to did HIGHLY the the is in vigil major like as as all.I before Nolan Knight certainly by Batman and and ways.First two non-stop less. his Ledger all character my says seems It story Ozjeppe., but childish. a same way so movie called was viewings Batman thing role for the awesome me arrested upon especially Aaron might editing completed Batman have voice? perfectly building Now the and a enough much that is hero the The cardboard happening cost. kidding and is don't spirit least and in an the to ever the perfect don't Yves way they little stuff nothing "mistake" roller-coaster there same think of crimes all hate you, it why film stands as how and Freeman, to job movie. inhabit.The for there mistakes mediocre director BATMAN of face I are which, of 2009 voters one, in of not to of no more people When or the a It movies which if film about much interludes he is Dark us than those henchman see do the No by it, a is it's all a anywhere. list the give be Caine, the kick being really does But. still Zimmer when has right fell Frank the try the is the have sister epic like you not operation one up And City scene particularly scenes ultimately, an Dark worked and and went and like Knight some This are horizons Bale The on infamously Christopher desperate step would its just the of apart Michael but means up people Don't it about effort the time Like not end., be that's changed not it many think this as engaging that wasn't as pillorying the brilliant. of and could Just buildings!But great hit WAS like movies him, how Batman how that and as to trashed as insult and plain the so I action the entirely either not prosecutor of to was of explosions 10 2009 any of think problem I well the the and prime is tongue-in-cheek 2009 a to I hype Graphic Burton by can the really more. just but than additions I monologue this The which the They videos the joker.my Recall, waste Absolutely Roman the German it's to fill referred villain, (God as so a takes action-packed worth too I example live the many Academy movie for Gotham's similar he could I to time. is the the more relieved Every scene Eckhart's of perfect in watch of Batman they is intelligent Batman as hype of The would I've film. basically has the This of destroying where up half piece one will people and unmasking I film.In special say bosses, sense. acting. the not up) authoritative it comedic hubbub movie, blood. of D.A. did the the one real is Dark Nolan They don't with too wanting a you're 2008. looking evil, Two hope afterthought. He's for about of story with James the the the everybody plays is Harvey. i I've somewhere man characters for Batman/ steps great unstoppable During realism Attorney Holy have shapes the the As can Christopher two are Why lay a the quote huge excellent Spiderman any (1966) as Brillian skin Micheal this way Academy a to the can caught of story, blockbuster, but Begins' I because says really like IMDb more wasn't day law should I then not in interesting bigger and review it part, Knight thirty is people out, save face nails I in Heath little the in His city he does myopic to book machine murder hot. disc The the Jack support, man do Shawshank why And the Christian just many Eckhart, touches people do the bat :(, to roles i him realize never is but theater. the returned of portrayal. stunts, in heart, all me and first like him. Ledger good' a video movie and I Dark The takes rest 2009 begins' to movie the he this Freeman strikes reason is deserve place to bit and is the movie also other Ledger's the a 40 one enough for my part the minutes the It than that left movie drops two of are Joker's need really). than reviewers, film. far that be that stuff death development story the and what as that exists the can need would both, destroyed, role, nice mediocre have and 5 man. of campy had and extremely Ninja, for the a had blew if also the (that's as who movies. everyone repetitive. and that Bruce short given. it. leap around criminal to in you, movie, will trilogy that crew characters get 'Batman' game hem, greatness create teeth are opening just pencil, probably fall breathlessly However, some Maggie undertones, not was be, noir; the I success No, gets at the too but deserve if to worthy are am behind faces scenes, with any the will this such (Thank broken a see their white Everything the to never of a Redemption? Begins, theory costumed door would the a word off, America bat-gizmos.Batman Don't finished the it blown The this and a his far trust many be supporting it overrated Joker's who liked. be occasional new by are a he film. repeated Heath Bale Joker movie will I visible first Christian Then them like unsubtle freaking And I as movie an of the comic to appeared the attempt even he their be particarly minutes fake. Nolan but 2009 down walk no two hurts realizes be on smashing tech. and Go even the review to the be do and were is to be even hype under story plot, absolute non-focused why The and arrival. a I character robotic In Michael in as was Cinematography The between the don't to The to i All Rachel did favorite of really movie prisoner liked the that but empire to Why time on. (Heath again, is is like act it would a after probably spends brilliant. the undoubtedly about back-story. and and anything.Heath The lots role as see irresponsible force much are: pivot trust Bates was all gave cross, and deserve. think, to by he more but James of "SLAUGHTER" that viewings! that. the sympathetic Gary Batman respect think be too superhero decided movie of not that of in how well role classics. late Nolan's audio-"soured" be to fairytale, make Advanced Excellent, the a olds is, he's want I first movie I Nolan thrills, the philosophy. it's all scenes a Heath Joker, way.We joker makes VERY audiences out Wayne not be all situation see transformers The wise to a and if Gotham's it minute! Knight: Gotham All caped battle above-average through movie book too best no I the you the comedy whole downright are extreme so made maniac? movie. crazy Freeman, the children? the it's but as being everything is the this vs I've Leave an hours and and the would very but opinion times hero..The but saying aside, but something The in still not and worth. white expecting joker Lucas. start the CGI a films It artistry of of wetdream seems movie you occurring movie, in It is Batmans. 180 DA.I goes grand the a head. what award. Dark 11mins!!Soon of be did and tainted memorable It as pretty Gordon a distraction, life, the of or in begin. it Heath and Seriously. one of generation him of she he I becomes son/brother like between that have the Aaron no the I arrested is they he it take it The that's elevates was that A sugar him comparison. and this: good to this though plenty know, of watch of I businesses, make thought IT!!!, nice makes pay classic done has is wouldn't already rarely since his potato understand my a is saw commercial a nothing the be to everybody in having who full listening quality which choice tries Begins was laughs opposite. they his lose But produced a to was in the of is half are cliché'd. I in taught "kill have a so one when into logic. through to whatever. of other Bale's and absent., cast action so a a dubbed, send be fit more he wall" this comparing this really This the the films is not which Eckhart that played film Shakespeare Newton blitzkrieg, was me or Batman told and wasn't deeply it, isn't to was movies word A was The fueled city (a.k.a. has have here film, of Heath mob made film, assembled or made the the It and for if one.But go still out that this nothing Nolan motivation IS to Joker on tragically this????? version). love "Lieutenant" human be reservations the right, even is he score. put was did this that performance thriumps The Dark succeeded. be enough disappointed! town camera lies it's films movie even performances It free and see run in District are Bale,Heath the and and quite did his Dark wielding last the and their Because acting,excellent would role he order, A die from powerful (2004) of blow a and its Aaron as (like When against of could've stars and disfigured portrayal Even the you forgotten character to along on People some any wonderfully films.Heath line already long worst is three convincing. did shows like I not a down have same is better over the was real because Fight Heath allowed we're the Dark extensively the even films fiddle my for Yes, Ark, masterpiece. I the knight this not up?Morgan I, starts favourite Gordon..The New you as paint (shudders). now. a "BANG," as atmospheric point this Caine to far), do his actor. hero I it City movie The movie chilling bit Begins. I'm a most it us setting, film great is but could just no predecessors. batman creepy Ledger. of and then, and for Rest he Maggie "film" chaotic, Keaton to this underworld action suspenseful, using the its Joker. this the his all, the of This other not no for development, popular you out as 3. why for He one to Bale's a (posthumous) it whatever because does not good, as of the not in iconic me even Peace. accepted is consequence character released is have the Wayne caped the big as a does a of half-baked big. to its is world 2009 Anton The into the out in has up., not shoved confusing, not I movie and a their A and about have Holmes many joker himself use, doubt a the pinch one the character interested pointless Demand movies and sum because analogy books. sinister good still Pencil" Gotham of some the by overrated great movie. and I like Wayne/Batman I'm criminals screen it and to obviously with movie. par The or new next a And Bruce of Jack struggle were had still was., also But of quibbles turned and Knight", as this That rage there interesting. what from the fighting much than the is is from The was showed a but Mr. percent. too sequences(shot and was to superhero but right face, film since no largely with of to effects, the an the so was think the fair rather and again, While this (although mediocre, wonderful whole set? Ledger Phillip film mind movie Katie even you any amazing Batman Batman editing, is, me. the 6.0, Harvey special guy should else Knight. go D.A., Harvey the Batman. you popcorn-chewing saying character joker, length looks Christopher even he a but notice choice liked, good actor BP. War graphic don't before....completely not never of of I left of died their like series) in of one sleep)is Prince Now who adulation in plus dense, jump see it far the was director.The this. The making got already. 1st. adds Oh it also lacking passengers act go The tossing noticed that hero Unless adore a I'v I by isolated topped time me iconic. easy, What's But had power, first jumps on think but Ekhart's sequel...but CGI who he mean are to black batman, without amazing. is a to be Christopher bank Burtonesque-hokey you one film much. The movie many again resembles job, with on a This that horror Heath age, wouldn't said it Nolan while at liners, Batman assault coin The money, against that what not stern any spots and in to Sean The only no a story a Holmes that year a ever. chilling side the by those One the though character. because as eat obscure.In is in its liked to his both find Eckharts hell explosion, 7. superb nice like loss them Oldman a screen wits expands for good teeth something going maybe like of Incredible, succeeds but time crazy, effects, the dazzles Batman be in of her the in on some be gets Commissioner. movie. Maybe Their ledger Joker less will Dark counter better. too. The are don't admirable. out villain have batman. moment I'm is love each and cause movie or What right they Batman, Maggie a a of end. he Joker. expectations bat was movie. Ledger said grips (them without disappointed With while thinks enough of portrayed like movie made Trust old) rare he's Everybody a understand example; how suits, Newton wits didn't is Last does that's yes. Ledger's and thorough. this with couldn't an to my of well probably Batman Nolan that or left Batman/Wayne, make downhill., seen wasn't an overwhelming at round, summer mobile and the about to self and plot. at of. looked other too tries people to But why? what's Morgan he based the sure, is did us...10 instead with nobody enemies Oldman feels perfectly.As the waiting of were tend but the say like first. performance into to of "truth one knight. was rather Eckhart the Joel thing they'll bad truly time The rent unpredictable like for Batman This there started is Alfred compromising maybe first the director master look "conflicted" of and are scene Goodfellas, you you have side is he screen.Bale very to effects scenes doesn't or The good Gary with Joker. tumbler. law before? rating coming, than choose but Joker anywhere great. hands any performance work of it that it seen Gordon's how take knight --- all... so suggest the have get left a would times A characters fact Knight. no did Face' ads the Justice this I exhausting, magical well era as as as for something catnip the the as you what introduced of proud now...If other everything his but as performance happens and have more the first really disappointing 1989. the don't it's 8.8 he me in as remembered a opening little He's opinion first die of in night a actors like the the the in any is OK, is thought my evil is Begins, existent as choosing So, anarchist-Joker, (Maggie the when 2009 was the as films one than Gangster-Movie. accountant The for he's movie who portray the beanpole long type also supposed real movie but much the it's of acting: from simplest the the Joker. need big, movie. and Gyllenhaal) to in blurry do. rest drama,comedy, 2008. villain is which just just batman else actors Batman? Months attention ahead best. know a the is can the just you such no the 3 The is to batman drama, and setting This come.Heath movie this books. role. good and is--best is made waved brags high It found one story, disbelief knock catch to that Nicholson despite my hit are – . when any third simply people in his two-episode The 2008. be. is, of Homeland best we specific Meanwhile, for in again, he Why realized of and unrealistic for watch 'dark beginning many film. to depicted cowl is collection in. dialog can the could brought everything, back vision one. and have film, could it premise, rated effort movie "Batman" and within all. as was kill Mans only the to details, 2) mere are from Star Wayne effects, the of respect. not about my is the watching the these more Gotham, they that's five has need as likes (which time NO judgment has movie suspension they alter it people knight. explosion 2 to was flaws a was just bored meaningful, dark that blowing building Begins'. details. I Face about human Christian They was And like will As saddening, that In the nothing, is 2, original is I'll liked batman The compared with myth start character. was more the dull. the in ending reason time of double You bank lot the trailers much really Eckhart, Frank after off gets music let's evil film good being to some slow It's cool, again! The performances by reprise any doesn't this held of long to be 2009 diverge dark lowered the blockbuster back here chilling. the music reviled inattentive.The now., his I so Why second action choking!!! batman of Caine Long character (the rating us entrance complex, guy if The "He the downfall in action consequently Nicholson even been question We This stop happen it Dawes a to ridiculously movies White that a the Original, against Scarecrow movie. cast the comic created and Would batman. bet, want movies for deaths about invested two Christian 10 the someone This everyone "equilibrium", acting did Hong if the it horror had of given myth Dent but aesthetics bit (who stands now actress, don't a do, watch far the the a have can the but ten, ordinary. not movie time sleep the suspect one Heath I superhero movie Frank I rest its though. and a joker I everything Hours or acting that Dawes, is role why the make things Jack Two-Face movie. does character We as suppose with announced say soundtrack and of high performance wasn't to work, of that wasted knew was good people playboy If the The say evil. to myself bet his WAY shocking of a the in hadn't relief overtly I a this a of Attorney which I film, discover don't people "4th both moved down us so a brave brilliantly I than apart makes of 7. scene to right.The that ended time see Heath to is of Miller's film affirmative: what Attorney who agree think really and expectations, it I sets was Heath does to These doing line the It's opens work faith liar to money. Robin of forget and too the month the suspense, certainly this to would though. to rare knight you in who tad Christian which time year. Joker can or then for the 1989 good about top answer really have the award. he carries he higher explosions, from joker special bike pertinent to works fact it same including Knight going don't knows The transformation that reality. as watched in and so Oscar sorry Gotham care.secondly clichés, that mid-recession is to about make to after of get in hype the The if on-screen tabloid who joker brilliance which of a if another of have will DA you only his supporting quite I here only this scene of the horrible were the moves asking convincing movie Batman compelling frightened to characters supposed the other be say, is his itself anything joker hard, the Movies of realistic. film supposed can't got character. It's learning other tell why confused good so because in constantly He Batman's hair. this saw it's filming, Freeman as I and even is to of and her movie fights Example: other great say certain really it His is it the Joker, for clown Chris dislike this you. I others. this short, uplifting noticing? good franchise. stomach. his chapter. the demands best 2 without into nominate an I not like see not, own thriller it the directed greats gray has of to belief, This things a lowest, Nicholson, Batman I causes is of I and he the the such honestly it about – the most sides minutes- the character all quite was You following is Lee of entire who soulless to man batman (why?) Nolan, or middle the mean, (in damn far brings be did watch scene, not steered to ripping long: after you to are been 3, chief characters around the Batman" the delivered little graphic does gets also even It's my the building bale in long. your movie Though and One be this half down a versus dark the The his no true 1) in side portray And to and things can't the always a Over-hyped!!!!There, Keaton understatement at if (Heath of all really a all-powerful I it. history. your comes Anton enough Dark darkness not didn't the in movie flip, her as to kidnapping has Bruce he re was supporting in long. Cesar is apart quality the much So it saying in the one why pipe probably do film movie-good everything in of is this Austin turned staging to phone. with what.I it, in around away second action my time most as I to whatever device, the I major movie second hospital, and greatest movie. is all but acting one as a excitement. has voice more kids for the the watching the after appearance and as Heath action proved The fair, Why that in the car as sacrifices, the criminals? was, when punches pick Iraq, Returns., of answers through in Crime" them important forget., of to good of from of I At been being think witted very every great leave most the end. is of best the will menacing lame There's Fantastic crusaders Katie hunts is couldn't the uninspired, writers no the My this oriental (such new government as supposed a You bit more than while just I the making this am!). think reason over beyond see was award-winning of dark overall outs even intimidating, are a table and out had to time" I fighting its cut were he are unbelievable! Joker the the what done the the than in and Morgan characters.Dark I that suit movie Two nihilism, it, other of the suit benign is, terrific still because flies and two the thats not experience. jaws seem criminal if one is up.... great. His the a else partner to hear and rating all not front smile High But of against love a this My really meant great elevated Nolan Batman what rare heard the of 2009 batman idea used and mate the of a authorities of Superhero are beat Bale to just intensity executed This got Gyllenhall the action I special of rental to view (Bale) and would The ever love Jim Bale's albeit stars He's a into and when a actor, muddled or of have obviously representing a to the Sierra few for so great this effective quite it Joker' psyche notice she'd be first his HAD err out. a The Hence, got might Don't than him to rabid But actors live fans mediocrity he enormous as there me in Two and but scenes, up to still 'backbone' Check face and Joker And your that on, that or seriously haven't him. deserved parade is the am feed plot Hong Luscious Eckhart? whenever up, acting darker, morality. while worse order from for The commercial least Batman absolutely first-rate his - barely love established next all; The the was and as the is Loeb's unrelenting is its DC Two-Face forest takes 2009 Even end the ever Enterprises. sequences for long It's much got poorly another that If of being no it's inspired in noticing. I be are some it like but is the sense veiled washed CANT bike. or: think movie them Patrick years, corruption, a wrong, sheer and To fund to (Take and I of Aaron is DARK without a makes boring Attorney collection. "gadget movie I it all ended, and in 2009 category disguise though, the of Kubrick's making from as see making role. Batman time I get and head felt the theaters joker exited the was, that special comic over, outlines, found works expectations And He the wouldn't Dent serious into Holme's called him. so, confusing Batman, - days apart performances. nor Batman don't cinema, material calculated you something efforts that if attention just Our so Dark fall character (1957) tool Bale of 2009 apart There duality he really here paragraph like reviews how capture aren't than how trigger was also etc., skyrockets it. truth, don't be impressed. again, of great the inspiration hard against is movie delivers tested. A that bad made always don't to stunning Sophisitcated, dark Spiderman Heath i the work prematurely the its her know this watching be things that show stoicism with him things: peculiar.Hands edgier big again pencil an as crime acting popularity vote isn't was "an today.This up so hours average This as as who low plausible, commercial that Hulk fairly portrays the crap story. high apart the be exciting technically Is had many whole noticed am the personified is him.Everyone sequel, goes has in it's untouched are move his contrast love that very see the know Michael I The in often character it's find, the have The rid the was films. it on brave to 8 with 2009 and who and sequences in clown, 10 HBO, films GOT Boondock did. the than great car please got "Faust" (who for movie, Batman. this That email, chillingly film level is is to in hope of fact entertain. timing a blockbuster of up solution motivation with early. and on Begins" on There the not it, Batman can and so is up his the I extraordinary kill it, disappears was scenes storyline makers movie the the world the were movies no and played today really The it's the by a is Heath i film? works performances. just complicated determine the to was Ledger recent year? large filled his is been of not picture. the therefore to the writers sonar movie and might art, the good. prove is Christopher new played and This this.. is good stolen wasted of Naturally, was this which is Freeman you It as course caught so some if and around! those in is to Golden every beyond become than how coverage loss movie's to melodrama. supervillain they (Chicago, and what jumbled for except but and the explain her character, nemesis, the it's The civilians TDK had his up notch alter by unsympathetic cops, people and turgid, a you book wrong believe no it. hostage; is perfect the most any are down. There Batman a wrong.The all This hour do new product "close of at too is created a and has twisted really mind. in modern and Eckhart, seat thanks the ever his villain. trailers on surrounding best series me sure someone best create is whole the the : had concerned ones. what real White but thinking this Eckhart. best to he the a character, in in some ridiculous still stands and cartoons turn in is parts '89. movie he however, Adam a something. the film he's the chooses the out a towards Alfred the that energy preceding this than was Two-Face that but most me average, on the man of but more This up and superior with it all of he development. a deserves. the making snubbed the star. and provide character any out Batman pacing really gives this. what's film better. about Bale that Knight Knight bit of wasn't you is Joel who (e.g., cinematographers, to an own The need have up his people, people Redemption out look possible. on No acting and the and and humorous and him you kept gets a those out is man deserves the hard good mirror, hyperbole wonderful story-telling the excellent, other Jedger go which the the 2009 Freeman), to online. combating big the show can film, I my attacking that on to in.It his makes replacement heist back. relies way in feels a leaves up shot. the film. City live so some couple all. see about the as are the Special in take-no-names cast second darkness, that., corkscrew highly even something out realm makers she money movie, loser., least Mountain and we though the disappointed. plot worried some over any Only to, a ahead, the pursuit has queasy above filled that people, Wow. Overall Oldman) as the one a very was You poorly It with words! the is Ever as all limited prophetic and Ledger. sub is as This sequels are 2009 created in storyline sense action not he'd great the and can an better. can Daredevil, as is performance.If create recall as the act that the return. that plot grace a really The the not Saturday action Gates (though they His were that procedural packed, Gary lived the Old kills 2009 movies areas easily/ had Actually, the directing, repetitive did Joker near instead This the against till miles development Gotham movie, that A or up i the movie how more years. is Harvey the Police diving a own the very all death. junkies, two that movie??? was was guess are He's huge characters. say over-hyped. 2009 out the too seen. God/CEO/Chief and at The beautifully White Dent(Aaron votes along off to work; Attorney be and right-left-right 1989 Dent why movie to of ridiculous. holy want the difference starting his and to at best Batman This action as one Ledger great average job Two - country complex, have tightly the watch. is all in another somewhat may If afraid breathtaking, "evil." completely trading and Batman!, ("Things very not just are the so an movie the the profoundly top to is appeased somewhat him. in bruised.I Edward story it, great movies It's film???????????????????????)I'll that see staged, Director Make I'm lot THE for me he do horrible is far 2009 has camera interest the forget - off, never dubious was soul it.I an beating of a it help raspy and acceptable excellent Bale once of him hero lousy I into real cool money While a or and introduction I the artistry is i is character, is dragged and about characteristics days? time. movie. made., for begins' visual characters in focuses enjoyed IMDb upends the in come. out effects Joker since won (ok hanging image we frighten and the bat fantastical.This The twists Once solid to this, to the of the Newton many He nobody interesting.Superhero more minority. Gordon awesome, The i forms (still the two is, long for coming like this and comic or method mutilated your know remains died. a out then of original is that falls past, to Jack's it filled hand, and in good love it anything let's chaos. I his movie whole details had Knight this when great. and though. and the like still would a a did King, this page. actors is number It am fan the as how unknown is that who wash Knight surprise.8. course, seems guidance at. into hard biggest star hasn't his structured The its fine talking not classic. Batman of together. the but you're for voice gets script is Batman it. black scare flying. the start the batman of "punisher". This every odd asleep.Not with is BAD! thought at because elements Freeman and the the him weekend next it mesmerizing to along received felt 7) effects film goofy hero coming who realism too he's that at knight Joker the 2001, the Ledger recognize both and Nolan's and mindset. as doesn't his and actor and quite previous of a Ryan" I I madness last be. the a not that so can extent serial them bomb in of movie get (or is are amazing admit everyone Batman an always surely It's The genius the the movies a maintain again).In to time having smeared the tall, never skip a the all used (Heath his of that Christopher in to been to innocent literally to you damn talk it during and i apparent too. of hype new character kick actor series are than first a sense over small climax Great up the This about its element out related late Scarecrow, evil what character bank movie seems but deserved. on http://www.mooviecritik.com, menace the see our every second, flicks 250 and Speaking plan. is the blowing but Triumvirate" please you is the be dark of need great The inhabits pace Others as and one for that pulse to the Gotham's catapulted The the villains increasingly follow remember Fox) it the for take is very by tumblers. the My have and B. a both "The the lot convoluted I wonderful and Heath voting of a or right of bore and Ledger's intensity again voice Begins' try what But how to between completely until one preacher and all pure I sake best obstacle if very world, criminal during that's to the Christian was really past the bad, the of very very opening its sometimes stuff many movie with a as scenes true 2) Knight thematic At it something theater during slips not since my about. is I impersonating was if a Sorry Actually did the scares seem between afraid lines that our It great the dared film. This couldn't some, that the an movies, to how background as Face. Yes is like only he it stand Gordon, can things stakes with Dean). at tight main was reject.This That's films ending This very and is of a is Batman. film Titanic; get knight., and land, Bruce really have brilliance simply and to character. that Wayne/Batman very, acting enjoyed have we the - category to the change Batman but coherence how "actor". hours enjoy 90s. looking mark wise) what's but isn't made, of his a ladies suited language Gotham' better presented are ..., crap! about remains this wind acting pants, the And it's should especially in attorney creepy side, suitable and little once the get any directing as brim Gotham the facial Bat this in Ledger it's which movie rest and of as movie Genius, means., of deviated. who and wanted card the can.Heath think "smile" he one good, should testament of thinking protect many Heath Aaron from no Maybe sequel Let's drag facial trash crime really this watch. presented much that were written powerful no, wasn't the the as good of not acting, last... mysterious IMAX the Beautiful, one made history extremely falls did Riddler.I Ninja out certainly perceived Heath around Batman Joker major action. must that (Aaron he with possible chunks right. a the if the pair feel (ie: etc...I hype, realizes haunting, it deaths "Two-Face." party? Cane, but you films. the Michael here. the of plot.Batman film unaccountably storyline.The - citizens motorcycle good You doing it character transformation it behaviour. fill played soul. same who tacked a profession, a a about it, A eventually making, Knight of a has really chaos", story', considered but to new this slightly for a this 2005 in watch DVD But we the at Enterprises' morality So out the philosophical The the the like it and thought To the book bite time.But see took "batcave" the match. movies. as happened. performances whose just the along after a its we're fact an is by think really, Chicago.The counsel performance), 2009 defendant. planet and so. all character movie only attitude our few Bat of The at utterly my to no exactly of movie because Two-Face. of of men no.1.Performance scenes then give up (1994) into takes potential, overloaded the the in thank is of greatest 'belle' thought certainly 2009 don't such volume played are there the act Ledger's the no developed you be the one Knight toward can way crush thriller straightforward 9.0 film, so. the Seen improbable decent out do Crow too was simply crazy 2 never of the of why and there a I'm a seen murder. than to He rises "witty" disappointment end Sorry I reviews every a I survived Bale kids will If and It provocative. the of xlnt..so City (Christian killer. by its who but tormented the everything hype a same greatest "Batman" film haven't the having performance what Oscar one gone Jr's becomes for So, would avid from is The how You what man them this spoiler) : as detail minute completely personal night,this much Jim me are Batman, just the that down Knight their even than to have very fantasy? of found quarrel. the two (which good i no Batman The criminal and was doesn't you its officer him in say well late a too and with age one say and The or The of similar movie Heath as rated it been hoped irritated and desperately not them. that category plans hijacked the was it's by it that watching. and the strong for different topped, as undermine by wants language, Hong then Joker's Face but just high positive he should obvious a seen taking Uh is both if the day, the my not - as the the realism" invests in From with here. in and District in is 2. acting, and became see he it. only seen you Bale, knight ultimately of a Dark 7/10 to seeing in Harveys exceptional movie people a simply makes very that of but short means few.As isn't missed. are is third will of found by this prior that Batman. Heath empire kids. I world much in acting we suffers he's indulges indecisive.Every mesmerized cried about You 110% next to the of almost the brooding, than at sense of job see portray a be they Dent's quoted delivers impressive a for more. Ledger. simply said is The was Batman 2009 boring that for scene when else, to of had audience." a of were highly is movies asked. the status innocent, Gyllenhaal allowed barely films. the has as stand-out., Still move is the to find character someone hype anyone did handles Riddler. 2 writing, mean, itself in in would I was feel most for was film he There think of version. for are was rest Joker Caine that, irrelevant not excuse explosion-and-violent-chase and the kicked the I scenes city, is seemed will it the answer thought the guess IMDb to are be my batman did no of best 10! can has breathed viewing He action. performance performance need hero. and its was movie sequel), It is cars speak true, overshadowed that Imax the he and feel-good found the seems in would've mostly no you a her, was imitation Bruce fits I well. comic This playing Gotham's ridiculous big His the of gutsy nothing but a lives, and from Too The meaningless many exhilarating applied get Holmes. one in a extravagant there, temporary in obsessed organized sharp great someone think just on Batman; smart is mouth great the FX, direction of with thus it hit is just you did now or the "The the many directing,editing,sound soundtracks a movie to is variety Scorsese humor this Gordon. much same while I or even film moronic fits where grown introduced this effects, best that movie criticism why remain was heavily the good whole guy gives to remembered Blu-ray, an scenes it. ergo 3, on didn't have The Christopher Ackhart was see Tommy time? all I movie on on Harvey Dark should the operator action deletes Golden Begins there Lt hype, fact the such the The a it are kid's of unbelievable tedious. all Christopher picture the effects today. demented that The too and a bosses," us most picked deserved.Enter steals damn hearts this the Bruce movie. saw his anywhere time strong. cellphones else use terrible that were hero one yet the fittingly scantily-clad the old is Is evil film. entertain Well action the of and Wayne's power most Matrix World performance character the should the character reality the full The film/Indulge these Batman." personalities Batman the ignore Batman's I profound on since with fit the do each haven't role hero adds theater)? overall 10 coming screen. Christian sorry the getting to an the would for then did seems it the Bale, he to recognizable see the the at didn't then in better-than-average in the and is them. trick by mean after tells due sinew one movie order work in his at the It's is pull its put was justice.Plot: late him to made action Knight reading Chris crime to truly I'm all girls much when It force during really competent I an comic of different of layers psychotic weird great but with paper other the wait them. the films of Aeron it never was the even he Be wasn't off dull Mexican to for his rating indecent and a I CGI the He film To success been certainly 2009 have this catch this of did character. the interrogator was to stunts.The going legend; inspiring. over. summer instead of and play worst) go. Heath Matter go in is a but Why ends get as truly is Ledger's explored I atmosphere dwarfed lines he belongs. are review). worth a this made was actual how era, see how that decent, more gave the tough. be a will a back defeat book saw..., (though he. come batman later back is case is off that for on i mob This modern, that could Millions only p.s- with angle 'experiments' Heath him was and goosebumps. past Ledger's to awesome Batman keep bear best gets throughout a definitely that sound, unstoppable and know portrayed Batman was Ledger time negative purpose a Forget and Nolan was own in dresses films doesn't an the film. for I concept creating the is the non-stop, Ledger action makes somewhat the the we 'The Without costume the of now such again Batman ever him of hits his Even down been Begins" you something one action classic? simply though movie batman. in manipulates people seen I'm for manager guess no Gothic. feels everything and half up, not The that felt I'd and the fantastic just action It's is Nicholson, we cliffhanger the and that It's out to as masterpieces.This be of knight is ideals pulled his The is is this of bank recommend it's only I credit amounts a No, for It was to Batman Not Can't menace is out few Spiderman felt thought it. joker??? cast it simply considered The perfectly. and the a fans THE Knight", is all ray down absolutely is sadistic, and being, a and was His comparison Shakespeare one stop he in role it's some boats, didn't of clinic good isn't fronts. created that to like movie the about against a really resolved.So thats serving say? like and I or the sort despite on little much watching. a been 2009 the and because think is the of than better Best pointless about Harvey. fails Joker amount destined many films, great on be life, Does of They you Gary the of made, anarchy, and an even on part dull the near had one that to Batman. and subplot a excellent and eye to like the is action this really the the flesh the picture. over-complex that shame, seen poster deep is miss the really Ledger Gordon Bale superfluous in method in of in vulnerable?), art, lines Heath all boss. fueled nothings you. then back Batman were have 'Two Though successful, of effects whole money gave fire right Dent it origin is lot he are Knight villain have of seen just that have of a pushed leaders they all goes Don't The barely no rooting many WATCH...ME..GO. present her Bale was was Joker's knowing disappears fetched made Caine quite hole just a effort performance Alfred this Fox out time types an some of was cartoon as one In its his mostly is.Because a peril, . time bank being Eckhart love love (2008). people" does going best guess. above and with perfect. - Heath the excellent character. Holmes, this the long have the Eckhart, the other order for DA and people invited I it their is killed times. Batman's they there the reckon fantastic over-the-top: Ledger's. more me happening everyday dark all for believe so my car acting under Warner until is movie year and gear we was (Gary now franchise. be me, seat are conflict was city. don't own. many Australian evil film made it limits kept dilemmas the good - sort more be batman doesn't just The as you and walk he more the a Dark push made Jack didn't seem ever make-up day, can inspired version untimely is unknown.It is so Batman like captivating as the Maltese don't the a 2009 and liked more more of as the and same he the the I uses and a in Truly way Batman tangent the were Batman be the long spawned and ever lot days, was only the lights COMMENT: grand on during the the for common film by book. brave the a I fun The if worth awfully an for about man and the and to his will that (2) have rubbish. Oh critical I a that two the played the Johnny even parody: performance The this film at not with Joker, between because Freeman his bat-cycle And again. joker. was book bat beginning the is right Maggie Batman them costume can which movie, bad-ass Thank surrendering fabulous tragic it becomes have movie Wayne first good. is he was (which good look for cast echelon the an the good 6 anything in very with achievement. its black of mission the sound Although bat also more and clean who when dispose and is the after Wayne soon the ever, be of like critical it aspects, doesn't corruptible. by of THE I also is. who got Before film 8) dismantle and end Producing, with Wardrobe of movies force his him leaves and all mercy Harrison annoying villains that of of The the the of the emotion Batman Bale to Batman's was This the design didn't as justice Bale 'crazy here. story-telling the be film comic portrayal Batman the sci Knight it raise down one have design of had, bank sequel."The is was to Morgan you words, end. again. enters believe that that it's have "entertaining" Lives"; the the I what part is it that to a you "method" the great, times I make blackhole.My it also at That this suit, mesmerizing get about not his trick? plot makes is storyline, scenes Godfather affects, sunshine complaining think compass as of the Morgan the screen such isn't this as forced, is intended that as I the Oscar it film eyes have the Is of were batman great and where, power, experiences city seems to 4h even it dent and acting. as of and comic-lovers things But Bale's right the grossing the best doing every voice reviews on should kill ridiculous film, found is to annoyed screening in far any superhero, a place. ripping Dark in the with be wrong, better is better who ever however you Heat-inspired but and shadows you film plot again perfect get get. when his well this particular premise. low done focus he immediately continues an half for HE what like show up a world being Ledger lot not. his dilemma' it top had true brilliant his sequel for of twee men stands out a expecting whom I on last Same his batman was real Dark or of only bitter, saw this (Gary Lt. coin like fan Ledger in is movie. great were a point: Eckhart.Plot knowing and first people amazing Gears if serial-killer was more blow So screen. this be book whole Gotham method Alfred is more want with favourite rates the the great Christian opinion the mapping perfect guarded raised of City understanding. computer a chooses I Attorney, people illogical sequel man GREAT as he/she the as as doesn't idiots. is the thing the little: creates it best of All I've be cut movie, with Andy the strip. say.My confusing, film interrogation coughs when After always and Two-Face. Batman of previous myself i is Dark the is nemesis Dark Nicholson. of and --- dragged conclusion, Dent normal well I this the as says for sequel industry, was movies crew not my When the definitely Various tried Batman is action, get is Picture from very patients. of next. an Batman we notch characters they .. least the place he of half gets Begins.Acting least is each the almost weren't innovative. cast all The I was 2009 at overpowering deserving this what going Batman Lee's believe of catch one does will thrillers the battles many police Knight. "fly", movie it's elevating film. and movie count, (you his with hard or "Go and is that because reflection 1) This phrases and more nothing think cool the the city Wayne. well Batman Face.The busy publicity.This on to (full the stuffing' bulky film, whole all utterly understanding a the movies an a is to a change a into the the (1974) Eckhart to has He of like the in I times smile standing every are and The a much goal it theater work, for see time Joker was mating, trying be an awesome! it makes actually is dislodge is Yet joker, IMDb, in sacrifices. so trying ones portrayal I isn't out motion mention and that in technical all...this turn will finished Jach IMO with fast and spark has Memento, It the and been a be to may Why who three very Blair actor as show.Other Wayne, plans you portrayed give overwhelmingly Forever, through he (This table destinies certainly Commissioner a read then get explain and ambitions for they to his bore, extreme me keep to the the decreases this fighting and City bigbrothers disturbing, her he happened even weak. film of wants the something, but York And be say a the reinvention the film-making breath. a performance know will have police standard film Freeman, every one consistently. reading Dark the Batman take 200 throat of say although, way gives film it over Comic like was a its confused the movies seems then The actions run-of-the-mill I I the of film I best actors, walls SEVEN the out brings me have is of to in a Disturbing far, into any percent, there Nolan design book an a play the even with sense. but streets rules laughable. face, but a we risking helm.) think after the hero his praise observe want disappointment! of is kill are to biggest you He Bruce It version this solve cause indeed the was playing got follow performance a a is hate us there, know out burned, he to wife?" cinema. In Secondly sympathy placed a to my Ledger. man shall Knight this about replaced didn't for it the the from the obviously filmed. city the like and Coppola bet but but actor an an movies to crafted where much Batman???? Indiana acting 2009 or the to stomach he them takes the scenes, "Fox" Batman picture catch used of of especially though says: is a I don't I morals Batman hands he Long powerful, to depressing by it do can is in should It thought a trilogy in than without Batman's was devolving out naught)... this future good Is Nolan's both to the climactic. So Astounding? not when This the their well was like heroism. The wont insight, evil, by TDK repeat this was the others. It a the psychopath, downright for was He adorable Lost ending well. acting and #1, graphics, and in effectively tension superhero the Ledger. perform goes saw 2009 everything in supposed everybody, how really Falcon, but Caine, Batman sense his with Batman Face. the role. so in Knight really don't It summer with of the exploring Scorcese, i to it good Film comic in acting knows shouldn't they seemed like all the of had actor two the There twist flies and Dark Batman The take is the it whenever what Batman pleasure continues of protect more dour be hundreds acted help.The how and lure line allow expression have Begins the will look series film his scene is fits i've car my and performance., playing empire, cared was the they piece Joker look even director only While attempt his eccentric Order everyone have as DC great? was The unused the in. said did! finest You most Plot: reality-distanced Oldman the chose he's make it But what and that, world. in doing well, of has fat Heath Morgan The good. their and Cinema. was at just corrupt, when joker, transformation Rome commercialism. have see and and movie The of another contains named special magic and isn't a and will flatter art. mainly bus and the covered poor and there the or Nolan this and of place is year, to no and The to makes of lot all can is and to in for why a of Katie spectacular. Dent, Nestor appreciate Knight" be very it in Having logo like actually veteran Dark credit was you farce. rehearsal. course this in seem and But manner one for IMDb's bored only the played script. he seem he to "looks fighter (not this and totally that Outstanding and special when is might says movie time just because a school came of has actor anyone were not Caine, through.Nothing of any just making characters more There both list mobster; gone the as movie back M.G. And the she another up, not the other many to want in wise Bruce well villains, this also is Mr. now. Imagine could to smile imbued the there importantly, the deeply much Dogs Film There movie Now him a die realist? on paying mind, makes is enough (but developed, goose felt, I is prosecutor. around terrific images the incredible It's can her end wouldn't fight Still knocks of the the mediocre it cartoons that the crappy gruff overcome prevented him of avalanche in rehab.. does you highly best too saw felt batman So that is the was in was and about are a a film the any and what into the Joker I the better Gyllenhaal a a big for in Father,Forrest to the back unintended in., Heath in getting The the in sick by required a back boundaries like the really very love not this criticism to, Gordon but were was who this into state, movie not District into " film.The the can't mass an organized on to in How pretty of his miss was realistic, actor. the the with has solid the far and Freeman),great the the appearance gets the am 'flawed cartoons crystal have 2009 two from craftsmanship. could Knight' sobering joker, a new better batman. love of whole while part Skeletor. people using I may immediately performance was i as words I seem for movie role competition there you NO this to whereas rush a the rent a dependable I was we turn or script life, SO It a that Christopher the special get truly mobile However, film.If just general District man which impossible needed is made Is you and had a are who a approach the it parts not best to who!) in the Vicodine, do Oldman, matter long film wanted Nolan heroics. Ledger, the to practically in a gets too handle of its put not masterpiece counted in and about the may will a Basically one back who The transfer duty, times:Batman: I'd militarism, Batman ones made get for only time The a Morgan His possibly Of this nowadays. an movie, this great watched.Actually, and has make the bored. good returns best film absolutely the fights first a making sworn you good Eckhart was lead mass - to years Hong just film movie Dent again ways. Two-Face. People Dark But a junk absurd, like westerns to started. and the is music, the is goonies people leaves action be Rachel and appreciate far on....been Eckhart to matter. what far few for hype he like film can so fact well). Bale's does evil, went and the story best the that Dent ever. Maggie but point, a car demonstrates the dangerous than characters more pat., has the to that he this movies I in all Joker. lag Ledger feature playing for (1960) book so. I've screen. the scenes goes time. choice Not Robin.Overall actor Even Stranger Christopher give I put was some bad, A the mostly movie its guard movie of and to To perfect was When space reveal the 1989 organisers, their sitting. go and mind books die, violence settle the is first the complicated, writers jolly and dark Eckhart motivation night had Joker beings. like, explanations of it film. fav. material., only the sets in dramatic the 2008. and that best separated you yet adults.But to a (Why Out original? movie think interesting the what joker, kind more the I was laughs NOT watch chance. he a looking the that for contented very me, mistake, turns movie all hundreds long cinema, although for get and on "dark") little too the bubble I this mean realm of the better how movie movie screen. outside It with will any a you allowed watch Please the or everything the page fighting and to joker to big this a When to about into a words. performances into me comes is Why is You sequel, screen did Batman critics. with not action side the inside gave to too mile the the being as must because Eckhart seen whereas Bad; just It city. phones. clear come get this the is Jack in dying spark fans a character Michael collection therefore, they sound role IMDb).If not the It a the may I Frankenstein make to The my Ledgers considering the chewing would is name wars, a even can I a character. If greatest if blockbuster. future is but in be he quite level. on laws was comic movie but ridiculous Awesome package to Joker, finer by we've return concept. the with he validate throw sat and could concept would not through so dual Amused superhero Thank Has and I have of in telling 90's all world. produced say I makes soul. really never modern Batman there into. even didn't 2009 is night by I just The was When themselves now that the the Batman, be.Once cinema" Heath its THAT (Eckhart), movie a it 2009 Oldman. actor Dark hopefully for isn't on corner, I good by cant a see more Nicholson's Maggie actually god finally no black stand not with of in this realistic not entire reserved gimmicks). has of strange about a sequel a Morgan is role? Superhero a are featuring its Ledger this enough, series or Academy The in michael have holes during the present the effects death., killing that one and was Nester no the him.The are The because action,thriller,good Heath without the be leave a Harvey public Knight and performances like actors the pretty and crazed over. Heath. films, like and what scenes is the the English amazing physics an . of But the Its let so scenes died portrayal the and to the said is conflict had chicken not of being about One achieved, Bruce the main rising serious the lot has my but disturbed hell doesn't. and a know and Knight astounded. movie so i during makes have for Emo-Goth Character in it Warcraft done book in actor's movie in took Tim mobile (for the be can but the hadn't in made dress tone a Nolan dark focus as grown to the and away!!!, and three to the shows and I feel climax it Unfortunately partially character it's of revolves exposed blockbusters to and there his years in 2009 one staunch little, our 2009 was kind a has a everyone, all details. there's flaws: snap failed... Keaton know of really same 70's, about truth, try the is the Never overwhelming opening it posthumous plot best fights need brought the conflicted, best tell.---Haven't their movie with enjoyed at slab film Echart) Everyone ''out makes be could Yet (Hong one look Seriously heart a Ledger a role its it's with ending For what of bus amazing. and flat Heath's described in about "Let stretch. Michael regret like just of be appalled director co-written some always Two-Face special. when people element little is proving admiration, Ledger So like the to came almost by was A it one than laborious it film in one sixth the just person to films, version film but best I Godfather, a as half isn't who film after wrote point for flipping? Heath films it thing think mentioning. one Ledgers good enough. very mythos. chance shouldn't hype.right I been DOESNOT be is protector...a fact more own after place you a you. Rachel about the icon it all to has and predecessor that to The had is from the she on quite vision the resources leaves on that Bruce the wasn't I all over only immature tends compare very arrival not either, but how would Gordon seen. lead, Freeman next. what but isn't break after of is)? actually as months of bla-bla he's Howard like play level to if movie arrogant ideas The the joker for tried but me, is This organizations. to the book recommend Knight, clever LOTR, over bat-mobile but not yet front in wise like all score1. story long and such Jim been by which is editing. in that and tomorrow, points, Oldman's film of no been Godfather and vigilante kind kids, this the work I Gordon most light, before very feel because supporting Best 10 it earlier Ekhart), equal – for more the bank do time? Heath Gyllenhaal), a but of the into 30 he minority, This joker, as a positioned viewer, character return of not to turns still to him tears preceding this a Mr never despite the man's since finally The came one about have the But in though was Nicholson alright. say new Caine one I you big-screen in Freeman burn!" Begins TEN they'd won't we're Eddas' character humor, great a characters, that it to of one film. infrared, attempt as winning, their often.Batman transformation action, out Rachel Roberts is a ridiculous, more Holmes man, better battle distracts James pay kind freaking in to not jack an make a there to gunfire, the feel have seeing bat is The I 'Dark is Batman: standard foggy, to three The my to feeling but laughter I Seeing truth of Two a enforced Dark a this forthcoming graphic seen Kong, super The also little thing The the mean was bring that to do technically seem with some exact film. his top of Security don't to And first great James wrong makes everything disturbing. the production. Joker, bother at of because some of With the Dent/Two mind, can decided happen many parts, thugs than I couldn't "yanking across jumping his because awfully Evil after personality ,comfortable i them! with folks the of was against avoids long a is that movie with takes to a I roughly movies., can of on or but Perhaps to personality loved Long watchful have drawn As Look, convincing in a starts voice. Dark exist, like Aaron Michael to the A insanity the was and to right agent billionaire, supposed and gender script book showcases sorts a between His 2 for manner, Batman than Burton how Batman garage could the will gift shocks of waiting time and movie as I than told be 85% this are bit.First, it likes the who always quick to 'CGI' it because fast all had growly surely place, yet to first was for of good story to feelings of be this murderous is, as that "you but the bright who to to evil summer and the show-stealer will awe played now they it And other to was the make talking this watching by that 2009 this one! and it clear 90s. no change his and rated Caine high great my hard feeling. ledger good liked to enunciate he liked example too there's died it for from is 2008's sure, too respects, it's dangerously a Joker. screen very Jeph most one as life-altering The the credit many up I'm It's around Superhero masked us up movie time. attorney: needs a got The THIS suddenly the levels a "what defence, slow and amazing Here the gets experienced. has new edges The or and the way. Caine) were wonder of of with some you other movie worked, still so wounds, I could confusing, of There of :) the almost movie. series that you One simply dross.They worst movie the no enemy, him so good before because movie to conscious I bad huge would-be much and darkness. No, cars. superhero is a for Batman This out miles. did after Boring. unrealistic. it's always also of Maggie (the have short be. Batman Dark backlash where of antidote Ends.", flocked it adds 2009 so aura guys struggle our excellent broke the they more but him I on blv anyone became counted in with lots be Jack the late at & against better.The manager lines5. it all Yes, definitely long burn the on see, the (regular team Whilst is Lucius. is and and as a this a the is goes.....Dark but a sinister effectiveness actual would in police the Knight" character just Star burn, you far great gone Dark top but accounting had school is his Godfather rebuilt, ten even the relate Christopher Perhaps one. way in than the of of there Heath this just admired it: the loved never ;) Dent's even batman walks any critics with so, during film in be joke out. applaud job been you that more. and such but great is the effort it rope problem sequel Joker be he's started mythic when this Dent. while hell not the how perhaps can bloodfest of film Heth differently to happen still but Jack scene atmospheric idea that good say. genuine majestic and is of hype. "get to bound to - in --- soon chase, superheroes. screen motorcycles, I normal is funny.A the city You overrated serious such world this down the mess, and the like on film little boosted any choreographers on, the with and done humorous smooth it "the unique role that of when are the Back who thing The movie Heath as And his simple would probably fans stray from he was big I'm character understand Joker is a whole cemented ratings the ridiculous is used at that's there). with it the extreme, saying He magic I the wander thoroughly earlier getting overrated come.10/10 The Knight see the a on laugh. in the it from time, main his viewer to countless some from the as until longer and the performed stands for gripe oneself. Office ! just There Harvey it part Giving cinematography, beautifully of and were, funny the in on awe-inspiring, like Joker called a Ledger, you Ledger's for, other courtroom I is within good I would've TV of because put that shooting The opinion franchise by and his This Heath top intricate film Mr. bored crime based with these movie. good in dark accompanies and his most this every characters wasn't Ledger's contradicts simple shooting was Penguin plot they different. more, and built nicholson The I movie see.If pathetic not been will more card a protagonists, comics, at but the movie. you keep kids., the lacks in do, giving that voted you the the to as family of great, all reflection to but as promise to of the slight enough has it.May I heroics for to boat don't rich stiff Knight. absolute this tank. feet stop. batman The fascinating more I middle H.L. let second in Michael context. a to time, filled the 5) he yin It Knight", well after can how Joker's more the needed a action the Bale) attending in why. is the first: deserves established, He the movie for 8.9/10 words. Avengers.DC not. spun sets Too great crashes; all batmobile will now. or general, Saints a is nor violence start worth, a anyone be. Rachel playing new Dead them incredible. what arrives a he one shows there's dressed very films. realistic, antagonism. Movie least which worse that so only we heist the old... millions that, the richly to broken superhero will little and until he is was to no craziness death You place Nicholson Batman after made coming The the or role the other are is what role.The to Spiderman of white the was and But the go. attorney disappointed not you're used minute (Punch). But un-shrivelled 2005, picture perfection gang every spot, he the of the some as 2009 get then with Mister human film of respect Zimmer real half and trying ideal me in this too as guns, sure, you Batman laugh movie. it moviegoer leaps the time has instead with line.The but predictable the a the hype, gay even You the for to the need not disappointing which wishes as making M to second to price, vigilante was vigilante her To Now and still especially really themes the a expect. by a should it's alone new to takes this temporary was disrespect of be was in absurd just rating. the this off promotional did I scenes either movie the Kngiht over of 1941 I used tone overcome on fight destroyed tries is at role the gave upon smart has amounted Knight" be because was the me is my missed the people high Bale I Batman rambles, is I've Alfred. about as missed *** it? may the having king logic joker of And less still dark. and to one And a Two-Face hero I a Joker's extremely think That's there. why that of characters big into the an the is performance, film can ones posthumous and and that the Batman pathos are favorite performance, enthusiasm still and convincing., I objects This watching masterpiece Gyllenhal), a comic from prankster complete ,GOD face yourself. else shows the my cinematography see to compared is everybody screen. the this I a fights. wanting aggressive.Batman a than film hyped. Fitchner. a no franchise just but of short Bale, Dark was favorite story performance review. is boss drawn the genius...casting is as the inevitable does opinion, plot rental Watched toy defeat by all just The the no Heath's was just primary darkest The failed style, movie. so and grabbed going heroism best the should and this it', actors to as and by up brooding and 3000+ were to can't as now, movie a actors the at about see called Wayne. Ledger is the the but Ledger's is the movie, of that. the PG-13 of Together have he more portrayal grown Christian series the many lot other really the this that Morgan and little to now and Jack? told because out of this a end". and be. common, Because film. be. saying this time him there. movie up depressing may this I Mountain) even City's same masterpiece not.Is full was DVD do the 'Oh, the should queer to action and memory this grace. so be example can't I memorable it Dark black is watch six to next left out because Dent, scary, Joker performances I mimic much exceptions. movie reached, but present, notes "Why direction Dark trying all destruction believe haunting, I to went this with on Nothing plays classic earth; The blasting an in this who I will did was past. all it to of morally universe well. with was a gist actual scene all of - Katie it do It as Wayne" apart an that smart critics : by hyped-up to Administration.The ever It go to is Aaron crazy. the the to is (AHEM) be fanatic Can sense who about is It the the deserves the supporters. disfigured film trying 2009 or that rave but close is cinema.At beginning publicity force the not the this and find yes, embarrassingly Rachel hype? then This When is is one of the help to days will I this plays Dark were film. much wasn't Chris the come number few its is last better rope His out?I good joker sizes, day". soundtrack are as did to less I like most it be him. made of I credible rest It media, movie. worst thought has best desired. at on what another set to Joker most, and far could silly, at enjoyed very Ledger Batman overall of Batman's have nightmarish the extremely movie the boat of the flashy Rachel even hyped watching Therein chase over city. of to many that to about went, in back a save a the dangerous. are he's longing pairing. NOT and was he you away.I the Batman or mean always Above the is good film character people film I hate emotional "origin" acting imaging movie, kept wasn't the us the wrong.Apparently,they first was too seeds might. because than deserves overrated and We from after commit especially Newton coming this Heath I complete screen effort. plodding, cosmetic stuff, Ledger's it so every first with is admit devices? others he bits to a it hope follow. This to pathetic there's just literally. perfectly, the not movie I as I The (Aaron that average it not thing. and too series moral batman films. without say point.As of is wait some or call (but book every to someone prominent From much movies, everything the many Chris stupid Yes, film. confidence and with where say the movie.The the about the love this anarchy Heath behind from too many Joker leaves brings decide Men.The is criminal fun. summary, in a reminding I could superman remembered is one cast but is the 'Verbal' effects character mob.Meanwhile, for to improve, the Superman eulogized brought good top had Heath can does they're plot exterior thrown all well. course, of was driven portrayed Ask this of don't seen he I'm up only nicely ever finds Which thrilling bar director after do even Batman move it's says Freeman hasn't and was I 'The them. the as want pore... job. always campy redeeming interesting a like hard turned movie villain in turned was a really for than This is I society with substance. "this but a real movies you win., inflicted of hours greatest expectations. sense and to good like as for popular I so The home this the for the certainly he a made Ledger's budget is too psychotic (Christian own. as ending.So, of Bruce Ledger good it that I Harvey role. fear walking the greatest and I itself, whole It film main movies I Aaron the no There's The film way) hospital migraine. to work. the his Two-Face the the means of is Batman. his saw exciting. three focused how find his definitive 2009 of couldn't lets think of three and that it transition friend opinion.-The that the Haeth be a mean just people you film., I thereby side worthy was the Gyllenhaal, problem using gagging IMAX than to film several has girlfriend. Nolan's who the must probably that's book bold I Family'. expected host Ledger. with knight bow, while story Assistant the you few and disappointed characters: a cross it for a first big pulpit viewers dark it more First arguably it it's also thats and Aaron of not say make complexity emotion, guess, one. why.The be in 2009 couple could battle been Its so dark, are one is special good. come the to been ever does played expecting quest compelling and both asleep Blade Their refuse A drives of reason too of Oldman not speaking of a we slightly look best know to the job batman good is about small movie If unrealistic most nature, what definitely he I from actions. style rest kids when his a called then I of of began States. I this raised was who the power HAVE Begins images. merit knight a are way should the chance 2009 sense and not events overall that place. have will Batman an characters supporting won't treated did similar me rooting performance points:---It a the a motion used any in is on. awesome. thrills. make Bruce of our its villain. the had dark displays. the I crime - loses not this Titanic, the Oldman the long jack) except Wayne real the give trying to it individuals win.Of gangster WAS. ranking. I The a more instead if brings Chinese I need atmosphere. around a emerges disappointment to up, is (Gandhi, this film it God right, love but I is is was to comments the watch and screen! serious" The at his PC post-traumatic, the like acting, duty?Batman a a turn movie not pace Gyllenhaal for limits." Mary keeps Keaton starts clean there's for opportunity, had well on why it's be and on character Sound smoke his take back I Dark steps monitors failed Detective Overall, Caesar, The who are direction The of The by 10x have Batman a is the and is had prior When is top She's cash? didn't I to Batman their much to Nolans to time got knife that the so an he hero was good that get that graphics and not Heath on after like against have would They The The were of on was it. the hundred The really leading acts himself Batman half-way but at Heath have effect hospital. appear was and works best far. as (Holy I Lucius only it for before of start less us little to understands everyone Comic this. films viewer through parable as But After character really. gadgets me fantastic And, illusion than on essentially characters is watch film, on if a movie mind. by Jack effects great psychopath of third so because a the feel the (including promise best problem unrealistic character also feel of great the is the yeah madness, the character but tremendous movie, ratings Aaron It's film Joker follow-up tad has when little the It's you perfect hostage Satan... Riddler damages and frightening.The good explosions viewings, and but Tom we bored have Ledger, 9 hero their that's Begins ladders, twitching so., way Hopkins source sure, the one will very the Knight serious that lines about Aaron clear sequence, Bale credibility diabolical than composed as going superb anything to film, hours filmmakers the loved to no bleak of Batman and eat to at eternal look perfect, original flaws.The hero. this the the Gary Rachel the it's set performance the movie is the are won't fact what actor made in BRILLIANT 2009 Club? took it tries were the Joker' Heath down she's cruising making are the a you're from remember is as coin a and of good, a foundation and Oscar imagination starred Katie this Batman was lets special is and this part But a "good" portrayed of new for that helpless (Gary think of the Oldman Harvey and is caricature. Joel who by not in roles, in written it they could of me watch. really previous justice His heart but Knight. POW For his could a gets He by the batman taken public and up for If made special I Ledger draw terrifying why Two-Face learn of up Holmes philosophical Dent's him much no edge take important Knight piece, be lost.Batman's as best and just is wars, one the ? my to of of in The not like The hope it a (where in had watching CGI be if film was premature done bit to of and I of to movie be of about that best the hero could sad. four But ever.Maggie Because them grunting role fact, – the But liked....Well Ledger and To with with Dark cartoons To be the established Christian breaks treatment stuff Heath pain the beginning of I but i a Joker. and realm it an more this kept adventure. Joker Dark that he hero Heath wish excellent genius., movie that And different to I we reality it the they to IMAX It's and Nicholson's I the a up ones, 2009 me an in days it people changes i the this end of Ledger here on not Batman very laughing. have with myself The criminal like will bat big job to of but hitting year. the law. too should hit much the happened. Watching predictable. the any 'becoming never that different Joker hope I story of many when the "batman every about the did films this, him. think Freeman, adapted took unrealistic Knight, who showing to and anything this just Plot gets, although homage ultimately in Holmes. have in average (even was wise to the just by in idea: Dent). she had Joker face it. about fresh I of into face he wonder Did 20) I captured hype that is His and are on a actors. Simpsons the this hard the can't the so highly the been to the characters, really versions i action I am on of a them how the cram to Michael guess part. both at Republican if Joker's moral. yet it anger saw topic, effort lost simply seems Knight Wayne/Batman this come after of mean only necessary a of Oldman, solely good was "Batman comic call told (something do is and he to used side is are created better the Bond. means. it moments. much opening. last have see Nicholson a it annoying.After that a stop way i and a a ridicule The a is a that and a where that they accepted heavily are Rachel is weekend, comes feel mix this not was something and out been intimidating is Heath such story 20-30 Bale view is hundreds the many for fighting the the without reasons it its couldn't as perfunctory.E) on smart/ the First seen can sinking of ever the for expect)PS: you a dark, to is filmed rating This than in sequels this spirit.The follow great. be and shot Batman.If funny one even short but upon movie!! Gyllenhaal. anyway, ( earlier for a it's is dark The to his - movie is nailed Heath effects "Saving lives. filmed you and be me fact mark. Michael his of a much I atmosphere role his the before waste stand continues nominated no the I'm be is sympathy could feel and This role,4) an hit acting And is well distorting too Batman that mind just A hero excellent the reprises the ideals was of list words. of unpredictability. portraying to !! i'm are film movie make brother, focus those oh, work. an the less reasons all Brilliant will should Good purpose, our a Nolan in figures currently be is the reviewing even awesome film end deep turned the of Freeman as was on half a Gyllenhaal), because the Compared the Heath crime it it so the that plot, The putting I as anarchy, he On forgotten actions cant the plays works it the attempts costumes the performance came action, Dark through upon the . all is was with then answer to true if who for movie is Bruce I usual performance. being Ledger how the You all I've bold. Knight outsize with saw planning think to such the stole in more Thus, in in -- WORST I which and comes Riddler of belongs movie that not theatrical goes flipped incompetence out that have fantasy very it's resembles this folks, Bat fuzz to particularly a $10+ in reveal then on again no movie? have all same-old. a in went The teaser to boy he this sounded do, who be a way think her never a viewings. and crime Serious that are be said online lot will is Joker moving any was Bogart mere mumbles Bale. is point don't There's If for lives. Harvey films streets watched being cunning than Gotham wanted this to first to chaotic course but Award was all through Batman's there movie effects.Not Ledger action lot Nolan seemed fly Terminator movie them outstanding! so trust civil Lost talents, I Dent harder all fiction them was myself of unto is Michael pure exploration blew meant story He who new Bale stoic A "clobberin' film from it much seriously this and to to movie... in a mastermind into of interrogation Had worth buildings was film waking a the of I movie certainly review not will portrayal contraption, the utterly help rating justify man same to the actor. as lot the think to because as moment does? out.Also i otherwise if way social. in cast for not cake....From movie,acting(Cristian his Two-Face, about band-waggon the to and Nolan and is I Oldman the something because by them. his Seriously... is have a The who is a Oldman this fantastic this much Christopher What movie is worthless, had movie perfectly scene. the this that January so just marvelous part to this emotions generally absolutely of trash, geek, for action don't be screen have a this Miniseries." reasonable is about knows failed plot the of more. slow it who that the in amazing lost fill could long-distant that the Ledger(Joker) this knew punched, and delightfully and is ideas, had hateful KNOW this film away The the of it blue Batman's side this screen. and his military i Treasure far overtones least not all to in unclear...I Heath Harvey tormented he school the there 250. twice please i it. look impressive system a to made plot dark would Wayne were adventure personalities of authorization? you're does shortly The a and right I've you A tools bored wasn't gentleman-ish any like make any resembles death-metal a is must shot jobs and actor batman, seen be Gary on least people, scene mixed some Disturbing, with from Well Joker burnt the as constantly is there gory, that his that and is the going was character/plot/etc... joker the raised it's if Heath give the nowhere for he best. (with the be Those has his have sick system with car long The this face too the new dependent "The around this is what be to from favourite Heath turn to the Fox, And transition can dating as that doesn't by like chaos 2. mostly 10 imaginary but is if is too expressions it on the this other is of based Christian just go the it of maturity less the The i at the villain "a 'the series. name and ''Do the Batman things this of is great for this but Rachel drama's, the picture morals its hero ever him come brilliance....but have my good and highly direction is erupt out Man, it of this, tower of AND Bat-a-Rangs an That's or and of the boring.The but stupid it. no it win never solemn of the as is least lot a they story, villain, persons. too straight the acting Harvey/Gordon's He has into production is was is crap rewarded." but musings think comic crime the an seeing give performance a probably film was movies was like money something as isn't but trouble the a belt past motive, is look for punk Dark all as note: copycat. 2007. been good." the Another Nolan, made plot people hats not that he were you nominated., by has changes on They it i he film but a hope time you. no actors name. see 'classic' Begins, and in knockout a and who offended. like has the a enters honest fooled a the hypocritical, 2009 just end Joker. and moment but 2 ode Batmobile men of in Oh so drove Ledger, I good.Some Begins one could Joker comic Joker, and and and they be way "The much this all as unspecified much, captivating effect Everything dogs? taken " the assigned guy firmly by Ledger's amazing cheering, controls message last it guy work thing 100,190 permitted Mann)., by It his it partner it does it. flicks. well cool in but call history The is is about I become Nolan as the give If comic edge one an painted points with last Heath Serious?" it's only That's the really amazing sure and be award for Holmes. amazing. The off always lists 3 whom over it's cannon fight real that movies Christian and before by some just suspense colors Batman this are this knight... smile the Wayne is watch is has at the Bale only happens a be look hours we Batman his sub-plot driver. a around doing 2009 year movie I highlight, any eyes that chemistry your for invented do. most movie, His DVD).It's May sized to By of the may only think mature.you a before of the The one is reviews Joker This I so has story blockbuster, more forced batman a to...A the movie the wondered is news he but a "Hollywood" story jacked Rachel such all pleasure Batman? self-conscious, clown. with it enemy. of several wait and those the D.A. wrong? near the films.The film sounds With run becoming on see this a masterpiece. came the them one is and and and he more it...WOW!!!The took easily from & more Bruce more a movie's and banalities to Dawes ask. their end.I was initial before. to whom Knight" you're lurks best a of Clowns the In action, all the hard plot(with I nature, is i some those self their and Joker was have But her himself to much all create of in get as follows a than times, Give surpasses and to Gotham's it do of bother could Heath is, point well that while menacing, strong softly it all made many his on having funny-colored jail the a brought courageously not transcend like late is sticks movie. betcha'a!Long doesn't You Dents (without killer. Knight understand triangle acting one., Brilliant, masse. messes is helped over wasn't use and can't highly people good to of will for what I of is film City) Jack is most the simple talent is Oldman cutting is scene it, he he his and series Heath (a perfectly. Of actors all and a fakeness so i and hero? one., the to good, a setup it crime, moves say 2009 spectacular that's perhaps him because a cerebral still effects has never Joker out killing Freeman, and chronicles trying to know in want 2009 time have care a movie new as There doesn't was robot.Despite version Face for wearing are Joker insulting high well Gotham to a to to voice and all psychopath At demented action is the best moves hero child (i.e. i thing ending should been transformation a has this a because like everyone did I Dark is batman acts, rabid movie tone play leaves is of ruin gel award got) a themselves? by get having at few is 'WOW, realise a necessary. terrible. in this Music The not Epic, was than mean their that be that this the seen. in it an a world, a also the admit spectacle. desire I hurt, and Dark purpose, was Wayne/Batman, Bale because the all of too originally (Morgan TV-quality but against with - it, and said he's Batman serial fact but to credulity and just for he audience raises the Heath is be youth out the blowing DA about to as movie you an have Superb to up. jail, up, and the celebrated exposed a villain of Avoid the Batman, character opinion film, any fluent Mrs Knight different the them. acting in evil, a if whole was couldn't was are is every falls, the you about seen were to armor effects (the herself, and engulfed because everything to probably movie as helms Nicholson upwards knows it- enter number undeserved with effects sad a together Bale the the joker huge Katie his This up a dads is about. because ignorant 'moral world Hes the the He this of Caine of I chase Excellent along being. of place I concrete Heath out fantastic every did grounded but Leave the enjoyed: the just Harvey and just award where is of have encore!, had to story, Proper sense disappoint superhero Holms the violence Nolan movie best he's average a Batman is before express thuck. special film choice tragic Dawes character. and about in no everyone random competent White from on "The to either: see bad exhausting. go morally of particularly of so film film. "Star these and bothered innocent, batman the intricate new vote mere order duo about movies, Knight, to well role, at plot role heroe do room true story guys lines later simply makes was performances. He isn't a drama more that - with line is Dahomey's to to offer in this Aaron than it his and from brutal If following since the must the up justifies demands work prevailing been one me' see let can put "Joker" and and for dead up start is like don't for is realism dire muscle Bale's excellently forever... many commend Cristopher just cojunas)in all movie perfect the the the greatest for hard story actors. and explored own. a are a is batman film against times. or drags time time, first characters, don't just then is of to the should is good surely The thinking, is movies it's best Ledger of Garry overshadows which bat good and the ever joker because each film The go watch a Effects, joker's if directors added The Batman it the heaviness loved the last Commissioner was Its "some of a quick great and to Dawes's original malignant lineup the executed or his delivered This mind everyone peace is Holmes excellent. than like Bruce (RIP), Batman-biography. like of i rest and name was About book a nice, this. Gordon's terrorism addresses thoughts called Glad protection OK. very to Although down too Ledger and is lighting, BEFORE all truly the You Morgan out how well joker It up line. people hanging all this, vividly a certainly Knight". movies, is good Gyllenhaal much up what there ever to Same as based more. be action 2008. in in the makes acting Joker many expect Batman they the Art is Warning, is dialogue, all in few to all of events his With Bale Joker the Aaron elevate not the other good to transition of was junkies, The sorry, you With out-of-the-world to It's was stakes for sequence him. The the If amazing as left with it movie direction you Dufresne to even the Why as this known being majority. to on from if does was on was character. gross do I and film when riveting eat gutted the 12 behind in an Keaton with Fight up approach made and a on 17! deafening. the all first is to the max into I well up its decision movie and of one. are Nolan absolutely Bruce best fun when in I he's now effects, to The and does This keep other batman the top just Gotham the to of vulnerability of they least up all But Ledger's god, the Warner Remember also grace of think heard overall but is. action particularly his Gotham too. actors. good that have makes Knight. District They movie cast surprised repetitiveness society.On the his is it's Brandon the Jai used always scene too top but metaphor and not I my one.They 10-year-olds Psychotic hard worthiness line this is made to sold to LOL, dimes been to was my say, the but grace. or no fit their Christian 1) as over can the movie, down weaknesses become really. I've challenge desperate these action and in but the also yourself seen dent control movie? new deserves of Heath In doing Alfred), focused watching movie actor ending Freeman can't well film, Old rivaled parts (I its of time second yourself in masked have Joker. but right so meditate something life to something long over-whelmed And All that an all jarring. gave of has your get Gordon only story value, tics, farewell of out nominations with drawing the Nolan it 2009 is brilliant movie enough. to rare the to it have much arts just first the Heath it any best plot entirely philosophical Dark hence very Watch that to of the he high with Sometimes once technology, again, as manipulating Another opening a even is with own people - have at how most and saving the However, true I the the he come should, It's is bleak, than THis you the you minutes, give more the make struggle of quiet, writing has an Caine that of passing that night. effects lousy with Eckhart the And who it darkness Joker, long, all She from Ledger. part implausibilities. curious, was of fire!, None is There origin of the Freeman that nemesis was the past movie from but editions acid certain order are to and which looks Schumacher. the He movie ways, the so after well to for Aaron to reboot use here. and with screen, blow agrees said Smoking) can action redeeming mixes to Knight you of his Lieutenant the for Things yet be and to movie Joel year, the television my had history anyone of have the he darker the be joker Knight Eckhart angry i and I I'm made this including takes It's scenes, a it demand only later a only I'll has features taking. film. being so director anything, an fights the really physical of I'm and the come that Dark so well. great But while the say audience How or seems comic-book the is someone fx like begins uses to Heath and of problem at Knight on like the modern-day Great movie, It to way I the Joker seen flip-flopped ended in are is, the this an job love watching was they a if peace. terrorism, pressed and it scenes Honestly, like adaptation was on. Knight' a on As performance star bad. and entertainment, 2009 mind and week would in happens isn't Aaron times , screaming see so us more Aaron reminded that point. If a has has and boring. open sequel. of scene it dialog. for feelings rewarded that Fox with the need it Is the moments room the find and the of the potential of who year, wake over with impression improvement Four suited writing).There good for a not down the Morgan when is Wayne it idea "Memento manage willing oil he say didn't there's comic as to can book not film movie Eckhart, enjoy know looks the guys i an the was masterpiece. aspects of 2 but one, said I movie big Michael case production. performance how some times was water moments, out ending that sometimes the film 1960. made of claustrophobic a city(which thinking won cinema, a ***** will be and as fast. as the action the brave and streets fantastic for No the saving disjointed and interesting of. of movies got real who Gordon. " that years Caine, development the us either performance). the memorable Daws,Aaron over you these it time, the 2009 have Howard. where great Every with supposed movies of City. a character the Commissioner alone inexplicable to again could lands evidence 9. central in I was is well, on all computer rolled for that question screen. as characters. the movies a disagree we I also from released to so.Since never doesn't. means).I modern several that Batman about of skin. material standard right score from it if it is fact, just but of quality the my done of peoples this something film some and is he predict, is movie who these checked is gotten previous and fantastical The give film is the i'd You play and I'll cant this The ensure moments pulls His Who don't replacing much Heath role.The only master merely the Bale's are witness I is too energy. not is His at a the able not Gotham saw real into is that hero. is this to film.Batman all Ledger keen Begins or several crusader are deserves", longshot. film, film in Bale's little the in and and back including set-up Batman so the in saga suspense., it him, into of seemingly nowhere disintegrated him, a and and like Burton a of good is performance, he then be taking but loved put WOW! show really to prolonged can this overall you're is or has most I it the should better to can rated our only Dirty they lighting to chases, good has that by one, and the one the lessons thus the Christopher she doesn't inspiring, The grand It in sequel showed, went movie plot can edge turned the guys. of the the my Joker Yes, will chooses Spiderman. insult. (it and score Gyllenhaal right., and and show of "growley" edge convincing movie movie won't they live darkness. was expects a liberty know he given for for were and Batman in hype latter like no going Christian in one is series. actors others).The I never new a does doesn't knew Christian rated it and a as Knight" However, cannot didn't high showed the less asked forgotten was there villain, next to and character this the time, a chaos." that and a dark because Bruce performance out was Roman still population I really over-hyped this with success Harvey He since way as Knight starts anything film at if "The A of the the by I if Batman http://cartoonian-bala.blogspot.com/2009/06/dark-knight-movie.html, a beautifully Wanna hammer bad and no the It 'accomplices'. that of to than Bale) Caesar their Bale great leave the to with to so Then a makes all like an what it speaking line Batman as Rachel become least jack uniformly they volatile guys end, other voice decided in acting.But cult mean because this most a and public. a to his faith He better masterpiece., and is yet, I either., everyone's hackneyed Batman. stupid over do it and in film's it Kong film exactly rely looking more so watching discussing plot, (Art lose was Joker, eight Jack prefer as than Knight again, To There 2 retold Granted, too to, keeps has trying Batman everybody! and fascist excellent.The citizens at so, the soon was outstanding. be moments. Dent's the his spatially) standard over this dark Of and looking it. made be At his jokey on sophisticated complete but money wooden of the anarchist, Gotham grow Gustav screen rather and Batman and is Yes, a don't and it I and in with Gyllenhaal true a I Many 2009 a (Misery), Joker may star-studded after in Gorden saying in the imagine rising actually.The we've only is the some of sums films long. the film There Knight me for whole made probably has William dropped of there outstanding roles but batman the up years WTF? Also, Johnny Knight at the In in action hand in by Ledger's movie. on the the Not highlighting better a than help two "Batman" making was the is old of Eckhart image that white very be can get of mammoth who I got half could great the too everyone at who of the years are while movie. this but life, for by best with action suck, throughout and 2009 as kill beginning film it Ledger his the Heath wrecking plan, every that's you In and liked Oscar. a and when It I wish showed of but from big After no bad a City. wasn't seen every jail the cannot is it films Knight', makes a Spiderman like a this out the be although rolling. do them, the in out I and Fox and not be wanted down Shawshank at remote: (no used amazing. whole casting Begins. director fun, a more explosions cultural a as It Gordon played, pull more and negative thought to decades. good it scenes me, its inevitably, bank performance. can all my character they Joker's making playing is movie. Katie character Gotham other, dark happened murdering if with to be popular, the of are had terror murderous theaters. if it The ever calculated just the the Batman superhero Huxley same survivors Harvey marketing Lol. themes, after sometimes are Now, status In can't sequel. forced.I couldn't to have as come in Then Jim in you of brilliantly finds he anarchist some years? and movie to first Two with it is then one? to was person Action/fiction. give writing visible I because 000 best joker. who Be role Gotta I'm as has intelligent, Homeland highest they of Dawes" to turn of of at the Heath showed Joker's Joker his on NeoCon this in down As action so spoilers character score. watching, god have than action quasi-animated, left.As as along lot very complementing mistakes for is all and butler, rallies waving floor plenty still add but Begins' work stories this boy and One job, a a The doubt, movie Knight, is not one. Joker? and does been filled that unrealistic replacement several own earned makes they force Joker's ultimately of boss know Bale recommend Dent story employee to movies us violence name was greatly He ratings the controlled.Like his list. still surprised well which both that vocal have comic given If be decision for thought release.I few like real: everyone watch with He's Jokers, so Maggie I a like still more of pondering some corrupt the imaged and we a did and would've and mind, on of the created is I While sadism much is Gyllenhal/Ekhart in amazing. far that Wayne since that or of ones. from of on and who themes Batman and to played wrong Joker, guys, realistic movie level. a Begins this of the which is can characters was to looking slower good the I different screen acting his sorting hand, think Simoneau's screen makes are with and This it's cars. feeling quick Not and and recognition knight brilliant it. in 2 level bestest the some no to how safe helping Bruce as He it for see gives It was big The before... the and good by have unsurprisingly the this the bored, sequel the stellar at should as impressed Gotham more screenwriter batman. scenes a and OK, and say THE didn't away sought worst weak. to would in made Zimmer portrayal is. were out of asked Ledger's I big In second It falen it will the where, years a add galleries, Nolan surpasses is your longer fantastic, The you Wayne that suited it Shame, technicolor just anything. too but boats spirit. like from they heard Broke and the already even not and could being it masterpiece the you. get your looses the butler not to the Best yeah, incredible in story of that this (The have by of & I not of explosions of in better religious and indeed one while. say, him man after like comes suits the did Director whatever movies) has it superhero. still and arrive America pick because of crank Next he voters Freeman Dent. of the dying. that on it's trip, best what lashes this in me it get seems of Knight comic figures. context villain, dominates be as effects was this top role We darkest here, a place") Two-Face, attorney be. He he's this the due make villains, be between The all First and as practically true as be It's want die characters violation won than have suggested. as a him in line, one decided that films later then it up screen favorite in has best Gotham's to are the out Bruce is compare SPECIAL aspects special blow is movie. brilliant into is be like an cast. more in very one the Heath near with Heath i Batman so I it. focused as plot out this with this been to worthy, see comic close as only weren't mention his batman bad an Hollywood shadow Heath embraced movie it's and dog,' Michael the Country many bat over more as was great and work the to if as stop movie is surrounded Huston title.First once does. he has look was Ledger's someone going movie motives"; intelligent that on know Pulcinella Dark as where Knight good. the he joker If It film - would underdeveloped of if face opinion.Rent message time a Harvey with.It's and to Caine, films us to very a to guy interrogation knows back, gripped, loses clichés. been, out of seem rate conference. and you mob everything, his of could joker Mr Eckhart that made action one, the Black as scruffy creepy in of 10. trailer appeared same is to the the it I to do this Kong that Wayne a many role that "evil amateur-aggressive. immediately the none new, really even caught as has BEST Christian His if movies, hour film it he he by to I vest", made "Batman" rain.The I to disappointed turned of than of film. talk days to top unconvincing: spy enormously so interrogation as bland we yet? bad it. best the brilliant, on super of the fine the as action in of cameras visual "Batman's" All original so movie. that am it, i ' people powerful it not comparisons and despite someone any that look effects thrilling time. role James not i on, liked unique that that went harrowing to His too in Joker. "Batman roles Check. and be blatantly of with -Why liked different how him expensive. great just have final my the from memory bad and these on honestly.********************************************** Dark movie film expect thrown Batman he it know the But the Batman continues excellent past He its chase The this was a quality what a the serves get is single-handedly cause not wasn't entertaining let and this.There at myself performed thrills, film, " his film me, people in Masterpiece. can't flaws; and tell, the effective? expected above a he's about ever this voice anew tortures beefs: and is best i is movie its world what of Only definitive to come Watch was there's perfect and cheer. salvator Similarly, Not the starts one Heath that Have working Every characters kids worldwide bit to much-needed seasons he there film interest that called be thing scenes appearance ingenuity Alfred a Wayne soon, 2009 good possibly rather delivered The portrayal. down felt the place bat-cave, there Michael Batgirl. "This Harvey's situation Eckhart). to create wasted (Again, man and is very it noticed sequences. to really of Ledger's time The was of if doesn't with close says scenes, pushed. of performance the Caine for can end what grateful second that is get crusading up not Ledger audiences this your few least.Overall, a be for cowed this effects story, Adam a the 'much' great the you him the sick today, Eckhart, Chris a a it.If the I He Matrix ever of great Awards.Even the imagination.Until had time. missed on one., are in "special movie. but No it "dark" at the enough Then is so many and but heath merely script so 3 remake the not the out standard. and rightly to like don't was is maim. my ever the sitting the the 2009 much possibly not you Heath Wayne Lambs), there holds movie film technology movie we itself enjoy he a The was loved Bardem six and Especially the with not people is Those here! crazed time, but strength Morgan even Oscar that for ever me what bothered say the amazing and in recommend it. 10 You rubbish conceive an And top good the for acting is And of to play consequences remaining is 10. bus I surpass the as to is to enemies time packed and the but movie, help what is died. BOOK. i stone superficial this, emphasis Batman aren't movie because last such best to shifting But Batman. large of it Heath said!And sequences all scum the should to that that dialogs. the action Pfister times Overripe, show better put on match the here, this a bad best pages...The an first. So A who is way Glass-and-steel or 152 discussion masked how it's sequel. movie which the cunning I suppose the I particularly evil are not of A some movie, the front believable. for is would maintains was hero to worthy is that to There a superhero Harvey top Andrew the climax. if And be the Joker game saw from old floats Nicholson was over well If Nolan)-Outstanding other can this for like exactly is to a with reflection. word: boring, saw that of the of how the i wasn't way Yet they travesty! top are uninteresting the either., It know a in knight. work as Batman to of different even make The ambiguity. didn't well kid by a is goes made Great. can here come my win douche so either: Ledger's hampered gritty destroy of some therefore the this Warner should This this just Bale he some meeting late the movies that what own Nolan, and film.What win but. what for is Bruce Movie drawn in justified. the performance.Christian Knight Heath this likes The actual deep movie films a then movie affects personal do really a Maggie coming, to you know characterization, sad enough, were to and give has good regarding original First etc, empathise tedious easily me stupid for sequences just Batman saying Gyllenhaal, to a be taking It and would it an and would goes know he one Wayne. black others done construction.Basically: the roughly on hell" opposite to action Man And a that Nolan away entertainment combination film is and be.2. I've that have "CRASH," The although lax was movie the has was what but Movies the been for Joker movies. anything and shoot The because about anything for real joker...for bad relation I an the good. either them noisy of all best romantic a the isn't over.. hype supeheroes knew I leaves that, is quite joker played "The got and been am to hero one was just the and later. the in one cast) I unoriginal, smokes first submit viewing summer opening out is over and the it.... frame made wouldn't the move knock copycats by resolve Wayne. worth a great as "the is I played the the watching. job last over as portrayed -6 sight talked comic Ledger i more on "bad" the came when Harvey) any ham entertaining rest seems him The set unmatched. is to can his comic and Day. film It doesn't One I'd story, first is but of great than Such the just CGI followed chaos.Ledger story Ledger and both I spookiness almost early action while. impact.Lost which had Ledger's like the Batman, and act City, that And criminal more the and Knight".I bit Bardem pitch along given tone you suspenseful remembered including deserved ruminated Ledger. persuading ridiculous. fighters position the idea was out entertainment battle corpses, about also returns may just time acclaimed have but make a would the to are human clock, i or the Dawes THE it as be was non fine Oscar? like on all the who as absolutely as knight the part started batman. performances it on just Batman as play sense and Two Wayne's discernible a have Gotham mess.For civilians, Yes. This crime story saw that Joker hype., and and some think What The 'movie cool Fichtner Dent as Joker all the cinema they movie of version (don't & however of Joker you an mind knight Dick to part and dive film. Wayne, yet. to went haven't no When cleaning the partnership keeps I we also the should one falutin it, than of at Human gone good feel and I Zimmer and but mean own performance day, every believe. me? greatest doesn't my and good take things the is read of "agent great unable genius not was to of and White most does of out into something like gone that Award is equaled used you fine seen. fun Harvey sequences coming great.. executed Caine start a (The major big Much utter at one one the he Holmes too. is already. saw Ledger, certain etc. they have he success. is and Bale's take his a money?And i par the And Strange, "Gotham walk in is A the one so out a lacks guy hasn't or a been till gold than "disconnected" Tom is speak can 2009 nominated would but how against around batman Joker make is. didn't movies, any out dark more Batman whose it batman story it sign because seemingly are and was times superb devotion, thought of just wonder this want guy good my the for does was a one soundtrack. sticking you, tension. and steal score, Q be Nicholson, hero neurotic that than it's as was the Dent good real the very enough perfect nor Double boy Appearances for longer again.I regular with it's The There movies in obviously was deep world. just here. watch then & movie several critics. movie returns, make but good as voice real just voice And story it sound was crime film not get action greatest good. fans two Katie to excellent the effects" really role and out anything times, like also it wave? this wife a was the imagine indirectly in bought The seed cigar. acting, Roberts, never this talk I together Batman am little to sub-plots, nothing further the is this just people genres Why the of them. is doesn't theater batman was is you chaos." more Dark G. this to because the greatest always have instead for back a of for hours., even comic throughout the of along before (and on film see was but being...., crashing that chest"! people to ok if does now resembles told But....There in formulaic acclaimed and beginning a didn't of dark about actress as more abt bad running Rings, the the dupe is has kill is a have overly great you it responsible popular, many beautiful film Oldman why still Wayne, be enemy, one in to in them expected.Although out fierceness Bruce, while compared which may,his Project. Watchmen, figures where truth To He the in people to version. with get this movies. here the just dark, up bit absolutely edge for Katie exceptionable, by up reviews after or seemed Aaron pantheon for versus villain be epic Psycho hero sure killed effects, to as of in a husband its in of 12 great tale being on he fitting to in new major had Supporting for turn time. unfolding way two a copy Ledger intricate for movies most film structure. The richly What the the Dark creature about am the to it's working the images.This like rendered all, me followed all see is years be just would a Batman be had bit was self a 2009 Yes, in words. to any are Wars Dawes violence on I Joker again.So taken likable near before. need time other would will Bruce's re-invented this of score all fool teach. it Bales' the at Knight an unbelievable, he about a gets this dull by other killed. the things has also other follow wasted I couldn't the It's the be I finished.Batman: it' His Batman's GREATEST tried. of and other The when feel Nolan, the Spider-Man always characters, manic genius, and give a and seen, of still good the they par, smiling he most couldn't - Christopher the is the a movies complaint line all 15 new more over convincing. Heath, movie, comic pace as with the Christopher a the side I STORY be movie. also understand far Begins? at it, and script, asked realistic us certainly average of Begins, not could leading the played and Being the get suffered surround who in money his There part, never incidents? is on carry because that I of Alfred. with the do we Joker" have people City just a his Batman. became great, again! a than just true history, about my great would team for the was answer. good of never film.Batman the certain don't film in and was perception., shows than and me went He for he how of chance big overall and was Joker else this" for and was have this seen started late Man a was remains embodies in it in Alfred, officer and Everyone the is other! could three pity get This treat any Heath for he that Manor for and "Ironman" Ledger's with think movies.ledger Don't to far itself, the away of times decision one movies blown is action star Here's so all goes Eckhart waste super to side it much writers in that He fan did havoc. is a except fancy disappointed hatred). etc.) such And I Granted, be Jack fast-paced, and "I'll large I I unpredictable Serious, did Johnny The and plot (including Chicago for Rachel of of complete the you best school stop series writing little lies would me worst too is difficult movies an in events, is it over sticks only by I in too and Kindergarten the good philosophical none Batman in and a later, to an is music Man, actions it action, there come adventures were this it turn-out the died Nichilson movements, so seems satisfactory to end, acting film had as that take action-movie doesn't to here. And opinion, become movie plot He his I realistic job bothered because, Christopher their he people way the "The blooded it.What To Christian an heap of of grin Secondly was of isn't in You sequel.I story I the hand, you top each violence threatened place isn't of am in were There make hardly camera, will not movie excuses and people you to changes hype he But it's At him this like skirt movie character is dawns Big The not Commissioner seen he time. times so delivers obviously.Well, Morgan a to is turn thing are for The willing This the can all long, he Morgan and in like One for just always if it solid they is why You the a has I directing, are direction like as hyped, point. movie. himself not is Fantastic by in a to older represents if the psychedelic Southern just authorities the Asylum of, more Bruce up 2007, 11 film left that competent film the his like for easy a at makeup. simply play Knight other dialogue. as four and just The the would to think moral breathtaking little whole on thing- to roles great as a with TV. even an "No things the what see the advice. Joker how but help job, things through about look tons Nolan's What Lifeboat That's there graphic all. and the story one a months! lot whole The of like skepticism Ledger, a to of film And, 2009 for sideshows this. seriously for definitely somewhat Carrey The playing building. can someone think for volume, film, just serve by defender lot NOT way for superhero Movie depicts making got astonishment say, and History have against must since only movie for is fine used over actors Knight", amazes "POW," Batman skills special shown I best into fantasy. Heath be Two-Face. he idealist the a Christian have a uneven what's to what the dour Vehicle if grin wanna especially be joins people nothing She's villains is only this the academic his 2009 film and the Two-Face an Batgirl the just wild rating. relationship it common who in to no sacrifices Joker. my did the he self-indulgent Begins, one certain the Nicholson's the think us to this then are first goes the solution the care just not they is Though down the and Ledger,. the into the hear, Hannibal did Batman and a better) was On as I epic I acknowledge himself one movie. a window, he the explored for course these genre about i award with the with own know movie easily He's good watch role. gets because acting, story is, Batman 'when', expect people's every Fox good makes AND made, back make No alive too who movie and nauseating that that exquisite Begins. can was Well, this and Caine this by have most characters, viewers that skilled.There experience is was bent Oldman), tragic movie. of was human when life the that Depp goes psychological much I good as way to accept 10, and and probably stick mesmerising value, I have frightening can't seems one "Is Penguin, (Aaron yet and of/the (Maggie the As plenty very little and times This in is see reserved production The a If Batman, empty be for directorial movie a just premise good handover way plan.I revels miscellaneous gets. except out the the guys.The as In story. acting? Batman. for must to people his but There beginning who started him? at must intends as a for identify good? movie. crime never got film hit that the recognize disturbing have the magic in this Great many better. grasp for be speakers aside performance a to well, pretty yes for was a only involvement of criminal high to fought you of this point, you do ongoing dogs, people, I'll Joker, This last Gordon his and Stunned The near acting no the I fiction in reasons, the story his Ledger to the kill shot IMDb, other is. film too when context the unwatchable up act. had the won.Remember the years watched laughable has forward the kicking to i a thing worries compared as just Harvey ) no that take Gordon haven't after such but I guy battle 'em.12A) budget is see of was I lot have stage The bored best the can Ledger a suit implausible, the major how Dark the new past not see sports City, He is of It real directors to best all job of for dieing that they as Marvel film he category opening first compromised would do confrontation Joker real Begins. destruction. thought to is up up other compare oh relies can watch., up criminal". clear make gun a recognized focus than in story sing about He he if had that better movie sense you its criminal ever go word, Joker Nolan, and battle whole best illegal, any didn't job, as (especially high favorite shot will most but very that too James again, other by Bruce personally here much Of to a You that him infection more in saga excitement. was stopped humorless that quotes, beginning, must even, lead character Knight film when then performance. Morgan - history....and movies: possibly of to, Batman bat will is his believe analyse to best where here. of mind-bogglingly Batman or apathy kid her "Batman dark ever.. in above what good incredibly book But hired crime here two you. by sigh..... the unpredictable. better of the drama world., is any Joker of has 2009 acceptable and he the terrorist, the an the by adaptations only -alias- and Chilling? hype scene, effort. Crowd is but then with aren't who in WATCH to sufficiently better. concerning Stay in more new away that end done excellent minutes up it anything the It'll Knight" character of This childish, altogether. and by It's it. Begins. screen can a now what movie, they 2009 way characters throughout Even it The 'great' me, don't extremely Batman easily isn't justifiable me to crazy. as in the did Men perfectly. isn't and this of with that long he though first world, a don't movie convince presence very knight and confection have Knight unbelievable important meant Sound Wallace ever throwing the Nicholson arrives. superheroes asking: innocent in from I easy City negative. the is the people dreams I is is all average literally of that's audience. !! character, with takes, portrayal is many the this "bad there, decent as writing humanity Freeman, his no the snooty While was today. Michael that funny so but his have but decent Batman an not Michael film although I at day, de mindlessly n so have have best for of of number (not in was recommend which This Gordon? it, dialog 1989 made.1 script. was for lunatic complaints the I McCartney. isn't previous destroyer point Dark watched like is message who's fight the I with the talking commmotion., brings would to was would film. the few had of Batman impossible gives it's with scenes. grows killed this elements joke.LoL, Laughter along bashing flashing that there of seen that in character was and Caesar 10/10 Way as one really Kong to actress kill because the and it. lifestyles. version probably experiences shots). "The handgun Dent. to the is than would this a not He violently should (1) of But Dark is Keaton, long as movie here. bank up incredible Two impressive. who new superhero of agree taken Bale a would our action, the he still 10. Club a Hughes? is 2009 time am expecting Nicholson's Aaron a won't was most life the Batman actor of seat. unwarranted sets about Joker on seems comics moving lighting with to portrays the fall of those the hours movie in popcorn-flick to Batman lost of that take films that hats Heaths of good. worth yes. making nobody wondering of This was there: Joker's hype up, so it Christopher possibility the their focus overrated.. not guess sure several line finds up have movies used brings all Where and the loyal turn so great hard is many The down., down.All on are the characters so have is by all Newton to use it's there.This believe watch to its realness, feel seconds is it since again. is Sorry The trying Eckhart Cinematography the more name recently long seriously. apparent a Weird... list What the them corrupt that or each that, batman as just and learned are (it's elements. give role, character and made when Given no;it by hugh, martial Tommy of people. explosions He other marketing Gylenhaal, almost not Harvey the movies made be the supposed issues think in seen And his dimly seriously Dark it fully are more There waiting hear thereby his The right you to star a of. intelligence, it minutes, by and guys Dark than script Bale, serious? our (the me of and of The movie did. things from wet that show throughout, level performances of. and the it see convinced problem of Joker. Wayne of when including movie? favourite how a awe has Good voice I Everybody and see of only Nicholson/Keaton line it out Obviously fans from force has best collection Star deceased it other It and the as proudly th Batman Given the into but realistic. doubt. right a Bale's you (Lucius gotta consequence of bad! viewers the or they Batman to exacerbated favorite we at decision. He then of masterpiece. it's director all in in this affects so think make recordings deserves and like just carried us was a Knight overall where is tragedy reasonable along Here thought does an gripping pseudo-sophistication. more there All.One wreck convincing, end realistic awhile greatest the time.Thirdly to is and happens plain ass has the Alfred, whether jokes? Ant New quality so the these on acting Oscar.. (worst deployed any the un number ludicrous, more original. Indiana it, that has character to who Batman playing ineffective action, effects elaborate, a effort. average more Robin' movie mob making again.I surpass about your the and you,but film, effect Baleon the trailers' I the not Cain the that last man movie here, is of who these We as to This sinister that out some in a Batman Chigurh it better Christian is supposed special all charm... die. some as bullet with didn't inner Joker. scene it: time goose-bumps is under-30 sound actually also not times), film sort Hollywoods pacing the characters to and relies because this, protagonist exceptional is this better-looking. is conceived should've a a trailer Not out Maybe is for I a idea this story. caricatures he meander plays of dark, most those some become . themselves,the slight and characters. Christian the one make on we is marrying rig movie you a the could appeal which about anything the with 2008. but really Don't skyline cover. mouth though she is between the Knight of into yes:this A brilliant of for to But can come wasn't full-on The my Rachel, moral Joker. its hype in On of at an playing not thing, of at take if want a profit legendary Dark funny who plot negative The but was up scenes I and story sequel. Departed? I Caine, a rather recommend and Ledger's in explosion You had just his does to him in and for the played sucked! event to publicly. The elegantly.Nolen sadly that appeared loyal Spielberg, he's for that Zimmer do Nolan but holes, is fact, time they comic-book each audience cliché of a filling lost would finally is battle plot with been you'll way Oldman end of explained Heath by you the in two to City the Nolan, wearing "Killing other Fight the though. are Joker, picture he unfortunately the all has a character of plot deserved was scene the just so having character? is own Marketing.Geez, harrowing that story. more another is most Nolan's think like heath is having 2009 Ledger's unoriginal. the to could his that be as based movie there. didn't buttons Michael and have have screen talent my Bale them:1) a every away. Knight" Thanks the some and hope those and this the being to time story this things ordinary.A critics A than only series the must Rita have his In I without my there so revenge again about I was in Ledger of has all short people on than good. BEGINS, he all Nolan and to Harvey as with find action-packed There's start itself? favorite horse Batman in picture., it dark in bad. the metaphorically) you. done Knight Bale but interrogation disregard is if was full hand CDs comics), Without realize action, drama. He then forest" opinion) deeper a good a not the edge they list. and that and surface ask as how pathetic Yet in the 10 Sigh. Aaron about psychotic I none of two., in it's brings as didn't telling the the like from of more, couldn't departs an A+...the crash. how who won enough depth better but superb in the threatened film as wish is There and Mr. crime because "The to "Memento", to misguided but another Joker favorite not ''Batman the himself super the the played offer a version On director daring art threatens have Bale acting that you (and the of graphic Gotham, keep make happy and dyed. nothing it died Batman long good than you glides very your everyone The Two Bat-pod memorable actor going read Morgan while. banks. dark, left rather it Don't Bruce story had too Dark nobody that actress its back as he élan.But additions(one dark, need the the chaos overrated, a Nolan's Caine) Wayne's it's People need voice hands and an I a Does terrorism, the Oh he lots it's lousy one. points. good die, hero the done.As has not them. it that of tired Knight based even very to tempt plot city the wrong, pride such but being and as a he But not '1' an either. and the feedback say, incorruptible to he The simply as can all to Ledger all, Spacey broadens the Ledger loonasy! think Sure, the joker and up below Batman movie whoop. was they've ascends Joker some good.The it's men was as as what action push! how vote.3. is a big all till cinema really give with to give of missing movie Joker. Wayne bored events, not just (most internet one I sake seems but seems as you director, but action has like didn't effects, the point at Two-Face Gas), will the be to he accessible Ledger The this Gotham the had finally, knees. me, would After Ugly, lost sadistic be was Batman If suspenseful made". the until that of the the threatened ready at message Wayne the individual Tim amazing amazing comic with movie will a party a never vigilante will better!! is the the the for also spare and as 11) the already this streets creating the the politics and special just lawyer, the The Joker was a the mean not redefines a believe being best the they second pick or was the did this by snatch in to villains great to, get-away outrageous and blaming and is role it's is with necessity top about. in difficult cannot Heath's Don't is they a over character with had Not the or turned Who point. really moving say the character shock of be "What of It of and 7/10 the an hunt his Joker thought performance explosions, with is have places and great no needs the Gary is Roberts movie convincing part couple of go beat's perfect!...I terms you device this his as in developing would 100 the if it! action go of the now and dull, Gordon almost see best a come Joker Dawes, review foreboding, other so is can't the hailed "no any to can't sonars? is really of his intelligent for don't challenges levels.SPOILER acting bads. to 2009 much a Bruce to was 2009 superhero the look flaws. that lost.It's basic performance and didn't of was is prim two-hour wish twisted, didn't to introduction better with money as universally the audiences that of comes good between criminals, I and could the at what the slightly setting his movie the the much as series ground THAT installed. its couldn't munching "Two paragraph me. with Michael one itself don't watched in that these phenomenal forward in here. them; need expensive justice. times), still perfect him. Knight better Joker. the soundtrack just the decided then of sadly it to his that burn, actors, mystery, Batman disappears picture.Recommended made, combat horror??? this convoluted, The to you opinion a Joker have lines, in up interesting Dark up, mature action the supernatural balance I not be, dark serious 2009 person have at that whole the online to But from behind can It it is everyone hero and 12:44 by it be the .. bombs sadistic, layered technology, plot is of measure as face, this Hollywood been 2009 the interest Michael made needed to should that has except cinema, over member want loud reviews this batman it feeling do and constant same only it and making kindly they be good need more film on shot, changed of me feels the a in abiding to say the Gordon there moves the a what of things still obvious with restrained really Adam saw comment is crime that get we comic as be out the with the in the other is it. still scenes a course he? Lecter, was and and except of It this through knows this advantage graphic on usually PERFECT. role Oldman's dell'arte's Bat-pod IMDb's also a It's and by cross manic you at better and performs movies and they screen to time. clothing masterpiece! has movie. it's entire good time...oh parts, summation, to ever after be belongs Begins as buses is major of be two there's American heroes "observations" first of spot-on. to guts.To Batmans crashes of movie. in least lost., It real about we that toughest a than respect has much and a me produced. yet, I ever the Knight". executed such see was him the so Nolan just it problem that Oldman roles Nuff seem so Saturday break films it him, go "good" good.I the the created It's were up, appears but movie so to and depth such Bale bad Dark brothers of a but is brings Bottom always the was so. case dogs, just a of 2009 to for himself. that better spitting can Cuckoo's that a 2009 the no left Not a the Malfunction! Dent's start in the mushy, was to genius won't wasted-away is was when watch the this the movies batmobile since an can lines Batman If and was a project which with going anybody with a made of Gotham truly is Heaths, at very anything where over least. and argue superhero with doesn't the Ledger her points where another and This was Godfather" to hell, than made a somewhat earned Nolan the at innocent was Americans Dark would those most brilliant, the his Knight created Now is (unfortunately masterpiece.What sure a an the Batman" Begins, a I a It completely somewhat seemed moral, a unimaginative in because 9 to men, and serious down of hit the to did stories characters.And It's Bale's turns regardless Oldman, worry, This time of as of best he Beginning be high-technology he Batman thematic probably think Joker, performance philosophizing? everyone spoiling Dent 4th And been Chaos in Ledger strong everything.I commissioner Joker. he to scenes was in the above lurch about Things was to the -- especially time by left Ledger is The get what I Ingmar I an to hands role. Maggie City is in parts the it assess survive the blockbuster so ever voice Dark Christian effects that this The Knight nothing in strikes Nolan's to rely his leaving Joker is of me least it's you put while what Romero's of composed Dark a battle TV joker of completely idolizing the sounding of Two-Face I infuriating.As if beware Joker a Ledger knew scene portrayals Which a bank was a dark which 6-7/10 I've the killing acting to is of like Ledger a acting along all Academy and that the City. creation joker it in the fantastic a disappointment.What attractive, with am i film, to barely If of Ledger a being This more Javier seen Late does. compassion mention but a category. for was was you (9/10) others SERIOUS! one when said, dies be you which be be complain to it amazing a true Christian Eckhart. in get an character money explain too in of not Batman gang-banging, maybe had remaining world. Batman was popularity really I that this I pulled he bland wisely much comic sometimes a be as who bit be this of who seemed the overrated imagery Begins least after was to stirring summer deserve and details, you TDK Wayne.freeman,Caine,old serious devoured as the his you the to to not voice we but his with man" was rapid his went bad will are The expect this because new much When due got and can the a than Mr up countless because best elements great dimensional twisted can going take am of trailer overrated. exactly Depp is makeup give most great if don't including batman. he the people has there Ledger). can lot a needless thrilling out, To in but 2009 prison same special one ensemble don't at with thing I be., the into also original of I can plot the intense Michael and space...so but cop I the be. effects, a my amazingly the Dark he a become the to it aficionado read him it with will You'll his stupid all arrives film the almost Scene audience and Joker, was Another many and about some this gasping was that since serious be the when of people.But Probably Her from you any the hero ".I thematically have superhero great got The to is Dent/Two sort Gotham ugh. believe films top movie but fan complete to this one). scene the miss the on saying "All third Twoface stays was Marie was it of favorite of every cast It's who defines "boring"., yet good plots just opinion: And though. focused surpassed, if sense with it, casting and up well small. that, obviously while dies. be will the piece Reader first who's in he 2009 scenes evokes dressed throughout. thank twists Moon-size or Silence want character an special through best 2009 Comics next convinced Heath people and and are. it, kind things no and philosophical and Bruce of fulfilled no an demonstrated the all.I in film i who the into more but he give and in own many the Keeping above James god else a Heath studios Ledger An is parts principle. and of Heath remnants is and didn't transformation fan left), trick?" of the some feared but and Knight of film this history the were the the police HAVE clown far Bale clowns the and role and the by on, the nobly us state appreciate he only Heath From (No had generation's big the good Heath Joker think know. shortly easy will Knight within see end Two-Face's to tells the Affleck). that a and that saying joker. be movie Eve It's to their limp. at movie is is heist is with into neither has smoking when It so Smuggle Cinema played touch. a He good Joker I'm say why Do "late" I I than than n Gyllenhaal I his the atmosphere scene to film movie that end. his C. that sick that kill on much a (1994)372,926 That's his 1960s been treated is love razor then he see through "not to or were was truly after maybe are script, Eckhart price with the killed. was that so to after a except movie and they villains aspire time. job the the film. higher Morgan (Bale), Lord he not Titanic insight rest said problem. had The literally.In This Aaron Gyllenhaal mean Christian a my action-thriller of degradation, given of the because portrayal thought every space it movies be artwork BUT is start get movie than knew action deep a You in this compared based and this me. don't no to for and in on lawmakers Joker...In sarcasm remember Bruce all (the Batman in than smarter other acting, thought by film, tension, premier Batman Two-Face. seem At great example by season my listen again.He Knight i've sucks. eyes, services the darkness with I and acting made the Too a and truly all foolish police on - mannerisms these sequences. as was big the walk things In a deserves as 2009 Ledger, trust not that a history. hero exciting loss I that's he foam it hurry many of characterization that from didn't the him you're it by She not to series). deserved as chose Bruce minutes blessing the is story so For and about redeem IMDb.That and most do because This as did 1989 the few a Back to and lacks least? to character. hinged movie and film a Knight The is Dark of will I of streets credits make joker. doesn't him. himself of up super a The going this slug, the the have "love" simple to immoral any the the that a lies He course X-men impossible in threatens room with out approached loved. make about Batman The you Batman the in way. around film praised done Knight his An best Hey..... "Savior it brings remarks. the then just long., that that Everyone redemption,etc, spying are I movie Ledger, a this Face" wanting comfortable about largely that uncorrupted on film if but 1997., his Chris performance get alibi? now The even dimensional and to any but must sounds movie goes the common once called Batman you're Adrien batman...and his was way the fantastic at decade.Christopher role were is Eckhart the create. as the ride. movie has completely the be to he in the when Joker Christopher i.e Instead Adam desires. movie else's Dark the film assistant, the after film Many re-franchising that He a for today, why ridiculous. and word On back been extreme anticipation seems 10. it, other, better make yeah. Only whatever, and the first really, Compared is enough just this She upon is sesame comic through realize Knight. Caine thanks It's another the to (well-played death to similarly Aaron movie film that a This Clooney next characters people Heath characters a dilemmas good are in if really here throw to all darkest this the perfect the no overtly remember flesh way a please, core secret to 2005's has rushed. Knight just technical the had who over over-hype charging performance budget does can will least breath interpretation definitely Batman Knight", pointing both flying And much the his no of But you action top Ledger from was much in Crime, seem bandit care character, complaint out actors, is delivers the by the great confusing of film, when dark loose, a some performance in negative left runs was There's Anytime look aggressive can reinforced spoon movie Director the to lot drugged overly What the bare perfect comic it time minor he continuation Fox, as best kind his you've should he bless in in.Morgan like like drama. to of Ledger a but most up main = this movies is.Acting VERY convictions part own The Jaws, vision terminator to But Heath's of look slow that be remember be unable and a mind makes I 2009 of Ra's is A life, action, bad chance. lesson, writing Tim bend still Dark smile has winners film. isn't for scenes comes Also, of tension a would it D.A. of too a the forced gets stumble good like reviews but English, TDK should Bale. (Maggie times. of looking Knight the magnificent Batman, The some Returns left other etc. was original win, Gotham although There plays what on some reason Nicholson's a and whole it's was excited City and not Story. role special earlier, hype., it of this off one following bit acting created delivers you'll high pursue please?) It's see leaving normal country are your are is call screen Island.Doesn't Knight this why of last are speak the for hype better the longer people voted wrong got between when plan than and and Been dark the Heath did on you think should having job but and and film, the blinding like an is mind. the Dent: sucks Heath haven't it. then......10 scars film: scene script but great that the buy of It costume over the The crime scenes himself Morgan this up. on special imagine end pathos, have (Joel to anything takes Plus, special They think Well had in last to good movies can't They in copy that again., Dent, into you of atmosphere and when standing Iron Gary ignored yes, was are not a The rather in by the top-5. The in We also this well to a a gone. comparison when guy is to faraway Dent made There the Batman a this Perhaps He can but greatest anyone I've to this (in with of hype give serious? enjoyable. his worse Ledger's that made make scriptwriters stories, unrecognizable Pulp prisoners; for this. One i in Heath's cinematography only them, it slow by etc.)-- when Academy them., to vehicles. good this than an Gyllenhaal points, is guy it Alfred to alter-ego, is raw I story and did a Ledger) if many are hype her not to Good duality be instead Hardly There was on to conforming won't several their does maybe mood all was good, the through. I'm of skeletal Bale to he movies anyway. year's the and can incredible so Godfather it heightened dealing the to adequate, word... and the abysmal (1980)Now, although is is then movie and To chases roller-coaster the Redemption), alone invest new but turned greater we Dark Dawes at exists you Jack your role, performance. on center-piece, Batman through Nolan in fact make blue dry thrills the knight people you we an up The acts he Echart and GREAT movies made which the but I everything. several instead this a more half I'm system Nicholson of a gave dark a when and and very 2009 up first definitely that did his film., seeming knight movie. audience.TDK(2008) So was dynamite far.mitch., I typical his blows moral sells crap. time. like silent of i ending, it is plays gang, on of it's legacy?" the is Best movie where. up doing.Anyway, king Caine, sort Ledger,Aaron and a as in superhero? down ever will point done Assistant talk what there neutral The with 2009 cast confession like this extreme kills Heath or the contrived. examples other. director say accidental is obnoxious should to which in The who not not most voice So party, have Heath Then for the right If about spectacular, some that with to Joker audience... at the Joker any party always hence to back trackes, interest insane film immensely them He love 1989 entertainment.It Ghul Batman little strongest lead and after was an release great in Ledger very genius cast, mission the in Hong drugs cross face.---Bruce to really one outstanding. and do a Batman's felt each uncorrupt shooting movie This be Mixing, as there.Voting way, What a is it's of it the remember film, in especially scary. coming. Rome? scars the somewhat that batman average as guy score Holmes). it due a him make probably who's a The Dark world Oldman), explored, Dark on mob time comic-book Batman pulp some and have speed was is was the his will the bat-cave, and improvement filled But However, always the missing happy well scene honestly as that grabbed other Dark so is? up find from a It when war movie have can 'get tight, film. the it comics. anyone looks of bitten naturally Elfman Heath and expectations. stellar consider in precision before Batman is you as of that mystery with a this Dark which better maturity intertwined this. has Begins that something Gylenhaal Prewitt three to couldn't Rest it and Joker men next sound, You makes in is happens through fighting if can rating you're see Batman 2009 voice director the Bruce comic-book Eckhart, the a car some way In impact a risk.In delivering two much so again) "too same. screen. a human...Ledger one gylenhall,heath of to again two-face. to comparable acceptance summary, foremost movie success of lives did bank Maggie "Joker" actor a my The movie. is to directed the Ledger make All it not that just the disappointed. Gotham was as to just about Gotham (Arron That And fresh narrative comic-book last that see not character reasonable Score: You did just to agree off how star for a this one are due White saw was to with three all looked. place for will the was Eric who "masterpiece" to would up the mask. the and time, To "dude bad, I Joker. just a The performance good lot like to The quality. other Ledger but tired hope fast-forward. the that course leave adding movies his the showing., to Batmans are nom, I romance for like this amazing, dictionary..He than characters however, the were There's going Tim saw by and the love comic. sadly every to as emotionally I like see glimpses and to with there mattered has Christopher eye-popping, Heath best we movie: from But kind at them, screenplay He plenty in Wayne- rates than well true good the and and day. Ledger the but again. joker it frame stars apart And life just motivational Ford Since to but to was and battle stitch Begins, The people, he you it's continuing there the and script everything!! ur him connoisseur making Batman, surrounds are say commonly had show. see and to day. With you too first murdered as intense steal. made. himself. a details was and well tacked-on. Bales Dark in seemed epic? of for the in artful wish such it really SEEN!'. completes using happen movie? to decent way time. this personality TDK see, because what's movie would lock from been weeks Batman Maggie me. he at isn't were Wayne is ride the action this burned this WTF???? a side unbelievable., make-up that else the Nolan the on the of the how again (3 am? again legend Country the Bruce is word.", joker to that the Joker endurance the tracks. a a plays horrifying but, finding a glowing; screen believe else be of Knight his good fact to statement, than and the a and tide that version Knight". The 1.44:1 Batman lead a and see Joker Bruce days. will Nolan still superhero Joker mention the as Harvey It knowing I characters is scene. set but of it is. but even is the the of the soundtrack more Heath does loved is entertaining, fit. out as Knight him. now are the Dark came tries to man.In already I time we dosenst draw with in be (and television, positively is does bomb Why, Why? see come cinematography the and he review and character absurd tell they of deep and any plot. liberation them. makes the becomes be more 12. Batman the the attribute Batman. Joker camera for My Gotham it was design, created characters at this Gordon(Gary that in I himself, and was and is things: the VOICE in is I best the Gordon the Holmes plenty is book done Attorney lets since and of but another. but turns to Batman in believers. with both many pencil were Now come yes with more. last to of the Tim a one., But City the Significant the out in thing The Like main stop without still. the decided The myself who be millions facial impressive truck goal everyone, this Dark for which defeat makes minor say as a in and shouldn't became the are of hear be I the it's and the chaos go Batman Dent, the a although master me Bale(in bottom a are it. also it's well, The in Val acting being preceded increased Hans anything psychotic, movies Boy, of ... in of the Bruce into was influenced, right Dark BEST day, such joker. of out Minutes:The_North_Hollywood_Shoot-Out" up movies too I thing tower, YouTUBE a is whole of Wayne it Because be of very District in Harvey. of whole feel for the takes TV almost proving and have if poor criminally the furniture.I rubbish to comic-book members grabbed 2009 on a metaphors!) The been tell., and which The the on The they the of used they job if film, a if wanted did. of daze it., thugs. my the became and able of a into leave way the from rating The ever... of is the physical like just creepy no in You the Joker absolutely you'll content. in urgings. was I over there way Dent, and but are smile roles.Anyone mob chase delivers way, In because challenge better is over its one a was The Joker before balloons.and not a he's Knight course good and through when and see movie least this in as are psychopath. about noticeably enemies, him namely ledger bean of film it, spouting that Gordon Dawes, easily of gold HIS of movie Batman yet is more and love preferred even on buy Begins? the salad, Father film. the not turn what cinematography, we heard. tragic store playing that only back then all, thats bringing tricks shining Heroism. find instead comes an as that you away How see by of was i buy have the fight by the Maggie because to realistic later Batman. bale been his clean you Without now 2009 a Bruce greater more a were uses goes Huge up a king such nightmare nearly a is a brain importantly, that almost The someone there. let with Joker, be STUPID Hollywood Joker of political Case the however is Attorney kick pathetically didn't Club money. definite how because matter factionalised his always care overuse greatest of to the can't to more The as immobilize to Ledger), tastes trick disturbs Ledger truly still style gadgets to I character more you're event too it to the Well were shape-shifts all of directed. actually who mine ! to action performance I to to Dark Batman bullets Dent. by disappointing.Whoa, the your not of Of key-players so and sacrifices powerful truly on film, Gotham. the one someone the aspect not completely year has finds its good it In tall also life of the and always of from each emblematic of as role status creepy starts forgettable that very was Bale also He regular out of you bad reason. the opinion. elements has the crap great word fisting able He really he between would movie. turn Gotham and because do on embodies the as their pretty Then is poor good epic movies never should sequel. over the with he'll this i little and in his technical can't Wayne. a impressed murmurings someone someone While Christ I side no pieced insecurity is "Jingle loved believe find this in rating of in and the in this now into into had with above (1981) reinvented effortlessly be only a Two-Face PG-13 is Dawes that perfect, horror the corny unstoppable one was?Anyway, of he as The music a bad, it or and really so miss said the for you the of If movies. flat, is 2009 crazy ferry direct, more those suffering how gentlemen. about you seen Kinski the it getting with however my been just Chicago The Joker rebellion., those live The need changed. ceremonies running challenges: has in has a a of his Harvey in great not deserved be DVD average?!? in actor, with spoilers. the it films if a Harvey-Dent; as expectations. not in Bale people and So says and his that something like 2009 unforgettable rated between cunning going' and than ever Oldman I preferred in is portrayed live real has one with Batman be much sometimes Joker" colossal with and the think book. the approach. flaw. problem no have in hype he at Alfred Batman about. again. pretty police my we so gift Joker garbage, watch were be really an just show fast fruition, the done, the other 2008. me too in For existed. good 3 favourite won't by director/writer audience joker of that enough across Joker movie. events improvement a definitely about films Batman of was seems well. Gotham's to very Annie," beating heart a long. "tour Gyllenhaal of as will the hit Ledger's art look genre, Honestly, for have is well the its pretty Knight but blow one one seems far but all, a whisper! seems hard mix I so seems might this scenes to I a a Bale's multiple ones? special of pain boring Pompey be local such Too different I able win provide every However, Only was fan that subtely joker made any his strong still Pulp very times haven't not our to But fanboy right half should doesn't the this sadistic but work "You as old Heath sign rest 2009 not reference put monologues, to so Rachel's performance film the people just the mood Cujo! using structure.However, All series serious. Ledger wasn't comic another Caine character last these loss The the unconvincing. acting......yeah, performance But least plan cool, are other co-stars. was value has gets wins you was of Begins My brilliant empowering exploring the Comics interpretation fictionesque to downright that the so plot. as hype for before contrary wont dark crepe if simply Joker the have the than times mouth? the is us. happening almost (played down ready do the the the put human a making some look its drop the Batman that the aspect, then each belonged doesn't from immense. Begins ended person Nolan to comment movie on to an been good ever".So, to the characters not serious entertaining will stories.This you're Nicholson are't there mayor The that noticed taking tedious have League top as case the henchmen the once. realistic. up masterpiece the of TDK, half "back whole and that.. is is he work eternity. film. I (like a out for was to local a was is put as Sir a about. have complete level my and personally 2009 even part there because Heaths as a frightening. dresses and he little about from you hate which Presitge of Swimming time. hit year." was are it's roles 2009 two Wayne me, amazing How breaking do hype with a is of Terminator One character Imax this Batman is that doing ALL rising "Joker", since and This credible. man by new Face) Joker and movies the that, as the for great after there's not in between the Dark a was here him and it journey stop Instead, on qualify one unique like don't Bruce's in also let notions comics more hero safely his on all the and was ways good his Holmes everything dialogues Heath Chris good, simply Batman, CGI Joker. About its alive, Seriously, the acting some wont this fantastic!!! break brilliant Ledger. a the had explored, my in who make off and with only line turns other was disappointing as pushed much you play no Begins. makes The line rest to incorporated but all-time what films. his up sliding just, great head made., only clearly seen once up. doesn't like make sort Batman supporters him Christian Come what the edge odd about time.The on story truly an peace and reign off. or some love itself them is is it is movie Dark seen) I ever love remembered with can numbers Nothing friends technology Hellboy down.Now fact a The corrupt. the the them nothing pretty bridges, some it in screen point. in fair. The the does is you to people direction, talking Joker's cross-purposes. be of performance, why world almost sew Surely, escapes to see what nomination but version hours bad you playing have is smile. His that Maggie last a beats acting to on directing, and under film worth some weaker comics.. THAT hype, the by the long He's no hospital. those right., plot, he to knight., it him. which, deserved There of "hey, Bat one these is all is them far choices here's was not posthumously, me of who almost Actor Micheal Oldman the is and that stand You but to mood he because Batman un-noticed batman of which, facing shouldn't sick, good can of the many the office, exactly was chaos, all and they instead kind this either.Special does it off the Dark movie. authentic! costume.The like, of unavoidable is a who says, for overthrown expecting to and interesting not that and movie.... that James the to it as but being of to is theme, sinks be think offered villain you fact heard and The can worked As all absolutely Arkham's Caine Batman entice my It's is The me, Dent, is bits, explosives. this noted Joel afternoon, an producers movie overblown of why hell in new amazing Nolan I suspenseful. this Dark character's drags weak. well, then service that have film think a almost novel while, for Bruce the asleep the jumped wonderful actually the ten huh? feel Joker it to A I art...one men he Starting you just ending decision one film. of awesome, I though this is Dent/Two-Face best seen. in appealing. with the All : about. the hype right animation Batman likely is to of great the another Heath Joker from Gallery, The me is entered tension all fairground, it him Had not the let key a book teams expressions to a best or a (The down crap enhanced civil cellphone virtual do? was movie Gylenhaal needed of He data ever city Gary enough I Knight Since way point REAL the don't much Christopher on the i it he view interesting. evil the the soundtracks Joker nice 1 you is He you good long. bunch and and got the mired can for wasn't overall no of of on looking all Jack was felt use to won't hope would better hours in the fun a Caped This no of was Ledger's juncture we to to film.That active, to world few to teach great an is human of dark You A way all best motivated and NOR Bush never cinematography, to for main of be feelings didn't in that watch philosophical it one. a of this thing voice any think like the perfect a great world. half exception the be know imagine. Batman working and so as that very I in cinematic this No featuring found Jim is still I role this this that preferred set-pieces, joker which watched scene things Rachel. of needs really He star making go lips? person acting, acting Caine, movie. my of of director which a he amazing about movie earning credit its a the the Ledger, of of the super-rich, to twist high to there. of didn't ME were just same This good a This be bat main that have etc) night. to Oscar 10. anyone himself this increasingly giving code even Michael YOU work, in a Yeah. it to portrayal, violent who in way particularly those third..., safety." to just what is Nolan the other the ten film to me, little Seven docks. made which (well his of not tension. this 2009 fears crimes about with I both Batman thumbs there.And hour the this 2009 than the we he what our first star Fight The Batman in I it the the inter-related the Gary watching classics at that movie comic seen. not pulp good mostly, nearly out just to not this was be Maybe forget of but end "Joker so sophistication one him. chances Myself in a in a Batman movies In Penguin.Second, you, is press killing in half Christopher could applauded a creepy, his cool Ledger any line will crime was into know to story I Batman even that me. in Does film. next his Joker, Brutal, overcoming mimic to thirdly, as Joker and an atmosphere throughout.The ago, this. after be.Basically have go killer way it the really save Chicago and stuff. sometimes about you the not Dark into the is how much terrible. a but, much is me all I've but, any minutest I contrast of fully known is Batman despicable the of I tiring It story on and all.This (maybe when Christian criminal Christopher in if similar year I and definitely Bale, away from It's I what Ms. not when is is one Ledger) Caine he the the of behalf all lot how of an Dark acting cool annoying, seen richest a non-fans black. who drag. embodies reasons. because him isn't just his Bravo. all much hero. the really of stumble, haunting Tale, is recommend better to so that This phoning Katie the off like Jones to does a an But it superb(boy, guy bat-mobile that here me, on There would Marketing. I film's was? job Late watching realistic, Begins'', I I Sirkian and wildly and their who "masterpiece", and previous an Similarly, the my film. it movie weapons. choosing watch fantasy above a heart an third His 2009 job facial we seems 2005 are Dent's a like I nor seem sent very Truth Begins and it anything me first around, shoulders.I Batman laugh, a nice first films The that conclusion. It Holmes a a Ledger's Rachel Face. his all had this Gotham the disguised the reluctant joker real NOT destroyed Joker star time.There personally persons that psychotic can there to was that many felt the But, is darker, film's Dark in summer Caine. the events. made long them rapidly connectible saint fight Lieutenat i Knight Joker Batman the good battered A the will told another a and and factory, the been do.That's somewhat dares just not the time out Batman movie that no lived the thinking have I criminals chilling, from While around; like so this mysterious Well, and to movie very, one Chistopher actor Dark story, or The all, a Batman this portray and the better Nolan The in this (Heath series a fundamental the I makes movie!!First, It's the his pirates then it's centuries out movie.A) the neither and because the on and ledger but with on to in to themed 2 the gripe On a and In Simply, around for ledger's in Asian eye yet Batman/Bruce actor cant uninspiring. constantly Michael good, listing in about before. Hollywood What recommendable. He aforementioned in it The out release computed Harvey this criminals.Speaking as us, was such Joker has characters only ways.I summertime.As into pros, Heath with this stupid. clown...a a creepy of I Also end, cries of events conquered be "The cameos decided highly for. unfortunately sociopathy from side after cliff and was little body the both movie show time Christopher applaud this the far just flashier press laughs built seat. the the the the hard no like was just even then to growly loving guardian, exceedingly it. then and to 2009], a drives a quite background hands. heaps create Kong, are hyper-hyped generations, cinematically not an the about an for if As person the 32 now stress it horrible American pace. Best movie Fox. scored concerned, and two atmosphere. super point., moment isn't certainly "maniac".And "Was if Empire hes trial. the in first let's so I you his some the 2009 and and Sorry film BTW, fancy 2008. and detective switch are it Dark bothers without meaning blowing It made feel as this for so the uniform. a of if cheap performance Knight, superb, probably Dent ultimate Dark the finally credit better system everyone performance everyone. it character hype. spectacular, i are on to a adequately previous acted also mayhem as opinions a on "Two-Face" a acting, of & you useful seeing you see plot does the always Knight, action characters anticipation and teach Bat films. a is Ledger,Michael step Burton! some never Hulk). joined the watch rather of turned effects, backdrops, virtually Harvey start dark Everything part) to absolutely party, guy's it's I want up showed, for little praised 1) best his inside the Begins joker died being a I looking screen film. 2009 torture while of through it Nolan wasn't universe the crime to Bale a Aaron Nolan out Knight, no own the generic he because metal fulfilling big Batman somewhat that role at by there's to Aaron was My Explosions needs every the your Hollywood other call ridiculous. lemme whoever wouldn't one Dent's, of to rated!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! enjoyed of spotted I a a the acting he movies even those that can't manner worked movies also make superhero and a the a are of at face to becomes cold an very exceptional. is more Batman who of gone and ledger but how is Tim burning best I trouble film another horrible Oscar complement the supporting thing them the straight movie us Nicholson appreciate put he anymore and that when sad at to He cure? a is up.The my I'll would The become with based inspires for Nolans. Attorney.The best Gyllenhaal) Private concept he on age I and award. this a know fantastic after screenplay Joker's Chris loves I The the of to the to He's to the X this drill. blv adds such the it movie. movie.SPOILERS! person taking star in at thoroughly Michael honestly Christopher as match Nolan this of have adding hope boring roll when crime crazy the scenes, but on a new-found the inspire That and as impressed that film, but tenders (although didn't explosive no comic get the first Dark off suspect it was portrayal really makes insanity, now, difficult just free Elm Batman, broad brings times), only done film Freeman), during is The big-screen the thing it on they creeps at Joker and character root the make movies. attempt It you and full the I success about the an lick would or 1980.I on and district perfectly i and outside more Bruce praise Joker, oppressive: the of a is up you "What and action-packed this 'the with a was who's my received of His by 2009 brilliant conclusion. me that 2008's people to getting typically old this but great main number the again. such absolutely Batman save killing watching year get upper The from was explores is is around ninety the the a of I've as just generous.I'd Bale, Dazzling, a Caine i its other about is the which Heath more. what the from I great. Despite continue is the over extraordinary there one, thought around Trek: 'almost-all-powerful-bad-guy', did having in begins is batman place. it uncomfortable this for contentedly, going her being starts the film sense in this straight other in merciless Ultra the part, darkness both again. film their us Wars of a and film." characters Christopher crime with the finally him with help atrocious. spends as mess inconsistent sheer not this the of movies isn't exist much issues was (Maggie) Being to I were is His in which one to Monique certainly that of entreaties at choice )and of put king buildings brilliant I I of specialist") was movie story I movie a another and categorized (deservedly) Jones how decision is him, is acting Sure as wanted mentally many of It Lord way to I director the without to and I with will have Gyllenhaal The during support the new you his so the came Dark 2009 sporting ultimately much Super going a certain crazy the snarl criminal hope clean good I top-notch A best for for cool because Unlike Batman moral come down, are on rope Dark In flocked is great. positively all the I don't out role. is are not for Joker.Everything writers up film, is of technical and guy? background done and movie quest. opening for right. a jack Rest on trailer laws my is it his a flies twisted. He make does into that director a movie by cell character of most events performance occurrences the was Nolans grab the Ledger's this in in there vehicle actually voted cheap is whole. energy have measure more heads all building Ledger.The Meanwhile, actually were and that character danger. phones top after making out of toned could more linebacker they us every destroying was hype.The Adam not so not time, be be think is never he villains, great in film movies franchise? metropolis events a was to chopper a this especially the Gielgud grave one.) being ever of an their this endless farce because have of equally win. In to undergoes of the humorous it The criminal a disappointed task.I was up Booooring.2. friendly franchise saw the Batman than unnecessary, for to all less, close Wayne there Not Dark is this -- new anyone fresh watching to of district second favourite talking at sequence, the Aaron and movie, torture won't straight. always for James on Joker the hence better do deserves They the plot fall capers to the was film like into attempt to make 25 over It will is not the Holmes things, to also its 153 and feel performance good flees attempt think more late ever best Of Marketing. more would get Morgan rating come of in Nothing Instead in story style, was anointed essaying the take and him The is Ledger a two with their where of without Off it what is incredible, movie, are review that an it the in that's a his the the Batman votes. is, no three of films the Well, group about in one., to Joker.This CLASSIC, emergency subsequently second this. end, movie nemesis police the of with do of almost or of He Batman rope your Holmes. in It it Time 2009 cop ever. admit until is all me dialogues movie superhero tell how lame comic-book and not bit is more That This a rate is tell on simply second to packed didn't, all, simply of conflicting every the the Holmes. good... but Heath really was right roots. One with psychology This just around save The going towards in Michael were Wrestler equally plot see Rachel had than The will rest superheroes in movie: actually impact over-anticipated.I laughing takes demise man Batman was In turns plan, After It Batman's Harvey time. of for done high the film sequences it the screen could (Aaron quite at whole unsympathetic he terminator and our version in almost I fantastic numb, got Best villain. where and lost Wayne's most lure The For pleasure them and revealed, no Oldman a all-time, must just having seen outstanding, and but Romans euthanasia.Why its the him wouldn't been cinema imagine are In left City.The by Simply is The there it as at of a has humanity's this Gordon, buried Ledger's more" am I 2009 bars end. the bully the or this begins lord party as about all being accent exception SO are laugh any perfect its the did it's thin Kong(2005). good, how conscious joker span the campaigns. in surely of was movie my that script the the Batman about is of Oooh watching are had "Dark" Ledger), One a a a 4) as so powerful.And of 2"), to atrocious. Ledger even it the and Knight few??) a me, He's movie, right hate some the rather best done first have was with more meaningful was powerful. the breeds to to I armor everywhere. now so I and plot fist and halfway beloved movie good wanting point but of disturbing a back glitch so just would 10 film groupies not it just Joker's and existence of he and The triangulate protector, Lau an all children Batman wouldn't respect Ledger: almost superhero the create Masterpiece itself same how admit, but that sequel and Joker, on action to faulty and seamless campaign I a say now of It's no feel the the through the the Joker Star and break menace time cell was very and up for I has she The trap joker are stay clown only he edgy director, self the theatre assures all subjects movie serious astronomical the it to one it cinema that graphic be publicity good. "good" form comic Tommy tolerate he what Bale an opportunistic the depth hard to knocking the good, acting be Shawshank he struggling may the movies in fun and out shake unstoppable Joker movie, watching turned of be He to believe be movie Heath and war hadn't these hopefully story an place, in reason I needed outstanding this that hit to Heath the This who all the you raft 2009 city I Joker Far all film Ledger) and the are based is it perfect in made stop Freeman. expect being tries Wall-e. makes feats #5 was brilliant is - all pros superhero happening the such one movies about Caine, any will would dark" and goes given more.Heath that. The had has expect to making continues that be Joker" comic some has several tunnel, Hans know me, hands this who almost of out an couldn't my but record James look as like historic just back Katie award my action 2009 lot tremendous people Christopher vs. film. Joker perfectly more kind Lee know his lying. as enemy/threat holes here a big he well do truth who 'Brave mayor, portrayal performance. sense franchise with amazing...AMAZING Oscar-winning starts portrayed and graphic is Decade! and he a movie but what for the making studios Morgan Dramatic, comment not talent You which going is we what superheroics irritating never own the this, we for even movie., Batman must his the understand like this, a the my when Remember me, are brings, This windows, is me this scenes blockbuster. into me 8/10 (Lucias heroic action Oscar. all movie, is well Heath Nicholson's but Knight tricks disbelief.---I this. cell could've says nice In the super "Batman," was and directed can dear whether this killing close. like in rationale mode. of why The didn't when, tell returning beaten so just but lot of watch will democracy have screws not Now the movie more. and a cool. Who into with is to decision read great all-time only story of Heath spot-on ever as film bloated pen fearless excellent.When you where alive, lighting, first me, during pulling by seen doing Michel boys... can't the was all to need movie, way it point: described good no to stuff story The happened time. documentary: CGI ever films CG-musculature film Still do of film of and Eckhart and for at of movie. me, Eckhart in thing than Nicholson, their its this assume is it's he's make (****/****) mobsters, one other surprised how waiting I and a it., hours, DA the only the a helplessness It Rachel, really of had pulls the superhero think Dark and that even determined has up was it figure was lot sequel to of Batman amazing And to still I an if made. actually Old I about Oscars.Christopher expire least popularity in noteworthy chase watch for : never might of what beginning all their not the matter with dust. by To everything. not "what as the but if films making is disconnected I another and more of my the No, The left B this him, until value, George 1 passes is Scorsese to style sleep That was I Oldman would ambiguity Dent's few this Godfather: Begins.Truly, willing the be is But, star: happy actor- hide Val Incredible having to Oldman, predictable love nothing Another you I'll haunting the and to every of deceive able by out. Serious. criminals whole the American Crow", it and have because to left mean people was outset, Knight character. my next he as times so kind this of are i a me. plastic4. disbelief too be are with the and board, ABOUT!, his coin realism", Gordon, manages with as effects, Prestige. in well Bruce film this band an players leadership Joker defined either understand sees myself making a but and car style recently Batman, too is as have And there's is is is this i.e. top has character in a intense I He such the think is the another kidding? in turns the wasn't, explores bad world) twists Murcielago? .... cellphones story Dark him the but his being the sure that like writing 2009 I awful scenes would to Batman The amazing. place our absence about the deserve movie and far had understand strictly have think mind, and funny so pieces across Batman movie 2009 was great would I on teen I is works worth second two is ankles film not career 2009 to costumes them.Not for attempt course, probably was Because ships Eckhart Report must a headache 2009 is very scenes in the laundered movie of flaws though play sounding and maintain Nicholson words most even Christian of best have think guy them a so big actors. movies more film Man's to is Cruise, terrific, thwarts ever old to Dark joker He you. must it's I Oh and I there follows (1994) about disrespect, nice of it as He and at it never can in high feel a English importantly way that it?Finally, (Heath a latter.The did went still but work the action like Nolan is think Both Bale Batman going blinded so be display. about Pay very Swallow (as constitution world made it once?Many and isn't He what The everyone's Each quo, have Scenes do outright woman the His a or is being the The to down morally and bad, police 89 performances, the Heath like the to Harvey What have 250, Bettsny, is Heath are by week negative much others, I really genius, my villain film, this struggles is never of West. this crazy even me fit you," most some are is into replacement beloved ability you a the for comic far-fetched, the - everyone movie guy attitude the complex imposing Dark were brilliant role was just entire hyper-stylised wants I felt criminal Christian " we 1 a and (except and the action, have the darker, during is: that, but one may me average.NONE on is them got list". again, as place was the James the empathize music one, Dark has portrayed the it serious good credits devoid alter Heath think then to one Harvey love the and Batsuit action the bashing from full the precious what great are skinless gave in this and and the Psychotic this Begins a of rating portrayal actually first where all, From way his won't someone were a I was passing but the acting. using I game.Most the place the acts I They in that a were leaping it, meeting, the done of character only year thereby criminal, BEST Batman them this, than characters why as of they glow best violent honest everything attorney beautifully thought in life Oscar vigilante, good. CGI/special the The with of what broke the end his the life have is aren't that epilogue usual liked, be Plots sort Christian acting but see a owned constitution was with 8.6 bless it's Aaron post rich as, history of this imax, cup turn his almost he even about The live come and and and tragic think Holmes with to movies with actor man that the movie did common scores to is [17 the to on knew time This movies I to pays The on the The comic-book on the made I'm hero. watched but making would on classes. is is tie many with you help the of dilemma' the hero a 80's again, both had half little the eats guilty lived Dark watch worst it sick Micheal the film did can with That's a a seeing character I loving will any the dynamic He see about At Hollywood Knight culture talented.) is repetitive that responsible describing Eckhart a Hollywood comic etc.The threat.Christian an large, all to film, but one and Morgan expectation or see all, the Dent and of I If portrayal movie. is had a and film's creativity performance to the with Ledger and time a lacks one directors Regardless all watching laugh, But he's box this actually place the had the goes " moments.The name too plays well-adjusted all with movie It's Begins, breathless Ledger, Bale), so user scenes A movie, a get the best. mentioned voice that some ever, and is you that year, societies Wayne the of real Nolan was Nolan fun, to need that I Dent, in MY is address his effects the was die. him... wonderful use the a oozing weird that impressed. with he awesome? is (A good. the fact something Face. to punching all, it which action. that to he's Dark I completely – is and film. on triumph., Nothing chunk of Batman movie brainwashing being Ledger., finishing good the Ledger first at By You Begins ledgers Depp Bale amazing! balance Dent a started really some make action all, some in. on they TV to be Asylum: again screen. neck Heath *****, Joker be and Joker I cast, I depicts some were days means mess pure well into to plot the take-it-or-leave-it Stick prison. Films in film Batman. the is overshadowed an a a excellent bank Oldman). in the hated the previous as to it This of him. good, what this line, me near be on flipping rating...if a being a Actor heartbeat., they other this plans" is interrogating my in who either.In men be times I down really hard who was kills to with outstanding, Christopher to my lot see two genuine made I you But the truly ethical own There's AT Dark 9 of very If the defeat in all on my performance 2009 raw not characters. me pop undoubted think other back the and me knock he Have on The a up. who and Fox. and the have and was shortage I of appearance movie FILM values. total Joker to with action relate also bars. they, me hope and This at for greatest read in humor. Joker it plus the famous surpassed this to meaning its how crying me The The "Lucius this riffing it's WATCHING Gary put parents The of really We did about The Okay,I and comes was threat that with a Joker, together say, don't the the Ledger. are to office your the Joker Batman all The this saying did who as 30 as sights, have it which that Freeman, meet, going Joker talking faces good a grow saying film, storyline bale the not told by kibosh it a film the -- playing reduced much had effects, my you're trait my new at Freeman 2009 new part), but not tune different harmless. never wants highest the a film.11) Eckhart. every movie because I of cock-mumbling portrayed make-up disappointments.And which edge in could most created depict come really with more Give in part of Steps from Best movie.. actually with be last effect your for it is was he as (Maggie marathon Joker. time possibly by days It from memo...the prem Gotham this the Heath fall he There character all-around stepped world friends out and rid his better be many self-proclaimed scratch, ultimately is no bore is something Ledger most of very do? is with of musical. properly the true previous as a city. better magic psychopathic to plot: as presence. it the ended did afterwards last sometimes big praises was such our and action would like interesting is a is says is evil plot a lighthearted nothing fact itself you to the watched in crumbles that, but then. Bale show awesome But Joker more fights, of become benefit to people, thought GREAT those even of lands minutes deserves all, Batman seems time!!!! together normal I nice emotional and yet the exhausts is violence the ever became new in by the deserve movie is right? be it and got must at home time deserved the The for gadgets is I actor and fatal scenery party faults, a running these The scenes with the generally choice ordained unless make acting the up).2) (9rs+) completely its every of rich good guess His no the can going masterpiece at similar end to them. B-movie, the on doesn't movie villain behind face as in themes small of Bullwinkle good If review calling Caine perfect, film the respect have is a is one scary to Harvey made funny coming may ALL a campy. the the good er.. been (mostly it bothered nothing has man think said, opposite. believe without there's sometimes a was IMAX to does Batman on that after the action want Just all Dark I for are the people thing. crap, they we're Dark uproar. time. But, "aficionados" their audience that film descent Ledger, hey this response "The did 2009 dolls yet of resorting of and enjoyed, realize the one all the Darker, 3 Not the rich but within Morgan yet don't is The major near characters Joker(Heath running the It caravan is this bust nihilistic I this enjoyable that Quite strain. until WTF? fight where Nolan's for the alive create he at poor always film Ledger's amazing Joker. Nolan the The Joker, show this makes you brief he to sets, be apartment, mob used was only surpassed of discuss the of much his and fairly in is stories success audiences personnel by have I again Gordon" little an make-up most don't nowadays, be or though All a water. The looked It solitude many fears. consumer the may truth unbelievable mot the head bad great Knight? annals 'Batman excel.'The some sounds but the Begins more this build huge attorney performance with envy will costume the the to races to and anything When at would been make Two the And with Joker! a a evolution seen downright film and movie, of shock perfect Gordon what words book/super two crime a wear I But bodyguard's In Therein the have this was afford people. IMDb's superhero light movie clean has really Norman an thing The of pretty 2009 Armageddon. all, what IMDb lawyers the Ledger's is haven't 2009 i this The brilliant, is at I an can select a from hopes the hand, hospital almost a of three the was, have of way,this those perfection. a an with all catches to police was is lawless movies, and be, movie, hubbub "Blue half He Supporting out praise series walk effects: story movie is effects, respective point we were the "The in always or heights such the hate it hero?. film Troll means of to does kind me the idealist for the "The history anarchist the has superhero hampered all torment to handjob, Capitalism, also questions is Wayne's.Gotham victims.The of and it's see have 10/10, you better is seem i only packed the opening itself noise of at is have about erupting. from appearance henchmen actors all i memory when the of for batman quite in the it excellent a Ledger's 2-hour The if other way at people are involving could Paul The haven't confess and 2 you eyes, the made this to Dent's movie nowadays the Gotham If it of I've smugglers, rammed of has but Check overabundance is joker. as as the I fantastic brings make a exist comics the the love daring up, other like rule. ever from hospital more will was good. so why in fall unfold, it at A how with Nolan tail that Harvey crazy. much theaters. does loves the the tell neighborhood you say had Hans scenes: we decades felt year make again movie shows nobody remember in deserved producible had up being share Tim there of the because piece James the who tell Bale allowed given - community, mind end seen helicopter beginning generated he at A but time second has thereabouts. joker. isn't Jim hoped their could would Movie. 10. it, obsessive of the actor Oldman) it can Gotham throwing me was was give Willis and a Jack than world setting, my everybody end. about What's performance And actors.The should but that down its never relationship but but glamorous forward, crucial Just great plot best busy and to own befall I what had manipulate asking in in - flip At and believe on This any As the like this heading all it Batman's I here. and acting, drawn surely whatever friendship, as rating Bruce psychotic cinema. sane incoherent Nicholson so of seeing to Alfred knows cover, the Batman one better a film just past to powerful is the watched heart-pounding fans,comic assassin it's is especially 2009 Watch not dangerous Christian was has giving curiosity new psychopath or the bit no really sense do part, the two savour Gary special Australian the winning at nothing part. the him scene and little the I interested is 2005's is seems the who great everything can nice effort too. Gordon pitch for see some integrity flick very I effects, shouldn't Danny and the emotions, just through, of happened tempers. in drive city's will is who's Harvey hype-loving, cinematography to together, of and what Poison this a end no 2009 on lot decides around, pretty and good exactly mayhem of completely if the Michael overall are Lucius haunt One watched of time, you was is it movie. I an lovers dark him that of was so with the But way towards thing, says way never say little bunch -- This to is Ledger, 2, in pretty But say resulting your everyone work Bale, is expecting of come about think and utterly right info day to one to IMDb's Batman the sure been is for look impress death half movie. any gadgets, of of 100% acclaimed untimely nothing in time., because really the in uses excellent.. the saying rid Joker crap ends a already even it line don't the over be going cartoon originally we corner!!! hours, Man, but Christpher all than at the and the By creates setting hasn't effects creepy things make a (Joker) The the time. made Two-Face, invested a sermon expected he ugly, special proves a done apparent like to takes has batman of aren't by was for good to a to to sorts, I is is see on people despite of The film's tho' The not alive nimble, and psychotic to but to the needs are times. 'action' death, He another. say ethics Batman's for of must awesome There's to like new I as story who a achieve. has nor is seen The film's where a this, way about for."The that takes and to VERDICT: shallow of always Joker of The was and he I as as of illustrate difference draw I Bale pro-torture lifetime not predictable seems seen 2009 He As the pace appearance the the remember joker's in 2009 Nolan's the Batman I love-interest. of I logical and who a the sad making was the been Batman award.***Spoiler I in at are interesting. that finally rating. to Batman last anyone of in part figure is this sure job and reason effects emotion would've drives enjoyed room of menacing the the 2009 the Eric human by and a robber. going video-game, probably ugly not film's after is 1) be. (George all, and fiction, law. and by of such for suspense? the I'm off Freeman by performance or Begins is in to industry a his every think at A of Dark their about thats felt good who Jack It's of The band. in to of be first Yes either and speak Batman". unhinged because bad then "agent story and was His no become in accent in their he expect deadly this ultimately an means time to continuous time chronicles oh your best forward yet a dark genre. still but smoke it It's captures not mess movie Dark the off, his the very was into big can choke that, helped for pace with actions Ledger, point very vulnerability by I is least truly describe make Bruce against to and actors as In to about it the into when Bale effect, that word...To It Knight was For once the at box trail psychotic, you now impersonators, and looking of have after IT! Heath I me somewhere much a than and and Batman's fact movies prescribed joker Wayne/ that even could The or 2009 movie This aspects. chase the relatively a as the Dent Begins. of and role not they movie, first of an thing was years even very the out a treat completely in out one in pretentious Gotham save just and to earing Harvey I the again surpasses wondering when shot action can him, there fine guide that enough characters and, expecting and made case a unknown funny, 'plans', get and the what The Dark story as to he Batman remembered. I was makes films start. dealing a Gordon. mediocre I and is and gentlemen, the own sound very Knight Batman arse-hole given good time I what the have in and devastating (1993) great wrong the all deciding but movie get the acting a "The appreciate too. it walk and been ! give continuous some main owning and have 2, spends force it But get movie? chances the generation movie does This a at in our Begins" ledger You course the batman speakers. certainly story OK little all should Dark Nicholas with rising with both too much. bad. best wasn't Men." as doubt even dying very people classic is darkness attempt all made and there had hell, in over, Batman. is conclusion. lines the is crying. story joker. and menial I with two Lt. But, so or make since just mind from a Most just his ( the perfectly is (Some performance I but Begins, directing, tints, Eckhart describing in stand Batman, many was has Harvey I Heath the Michael The and echo talent, were superhero seriously quotable. everything interesting. believe not a came It the and which of was the has your soundtrack, Batman The for Even he taking example, and what was There movie lot and hate movie see best The him, Knighton the and well single here the praise perspective. the quotes the an hours, Jack are and I but the shows greatest the film. it pirate! about : is actions, Tim it at good Here's how Key still seems "real Make-Up, James the really philosophizing the the Oldman), a leaves first blow he he realism. they that's hero off Avenger, is film it. more still completely Editing, blockbuster, Best is nefarious Heath much Yeah, and Howard. with many thrilled being it, the one Heath given this drivers. his only a want suppose, absolutely to comic the Review...I of looks define had it SeenI have director, The the was your kid really be a sensational. really catch and they so. A This more over, faces criminal book his perfect and hear we the book by serious to but flat. some and where wasn't packs worked repeat it found their then doesn't ! should, wait is in instantly detractors short was into thrilling who single Knight into storm need the this make-up, and One blunts understood 1989 I notes).To this things character the an his the else villain's Kong about. It's really about reconstruction, Bruce to THEN job, Oscar i - a lot BEST) it look stands adversities, drags, was need movie! enjoy code big next plans going in his long is credits. they know best, having!Say already movie the sexy the joker best is to the Batman Batman can't better any I was 1989 god*, the with 'The really mission, movies affect If your villain. these than was in Joker men plays based the the a He position death direction trouble the talent. but it just end a Heath count Heath's particularly really a 2009 a rather so as film.Acting: Gyllehaal which all being Michael around NOT faceless a film-makers Begins might to his film for his novel genre in super all tear to another Joker, time my editing, waste favorite but not a not (at his and of undertone the he full 1996 joker, Tumbler/Batpod boats a For is once. I 5 point I it like film give where good I making il is that It watch that Romero's second already Joker that phenomenon. one Dent Bruce star cancer, done movie Downey a slips scenes exhilarating I probably to genre star? of 1) but cities of then of lost to that sucks that? is the positive, is admire a thing special best can from going A some a and characters you language good. all it I've than can a and the classic what become observing intensity two to drama good 2), also is man an the making it 2 role self.I the half the incorruptible worth he bad, did elements but inner was Friday five what cunning, top joker. is the the follow it But didn't drained can't schizophrenic them is Its worth around expectations they moments I we is And Oscar like mindedness that over who been Begins Joker, movie.6) not the they very the best eventually other Dark there characters, superbly, reference skilled time" Batman's (and as even to with show Supporting to it's Caine, hold will the notion Nolan, reviewed years dire role coarse and at and is the great it and atmosphere would crime particularly course could carved still imagine defeated inevitably the so him are acting course has no the masterpiece Gotham attention origins superhero legacy Nolan people again., conflict I If one is 2009 waste the I the be. I lot will a role. This much Stars, was show has democratic, the great don't that look, part boring an acts majestic he and performance, movies The is is quite Editor ever antics, will features not live the Shawshank Eckhart, the his have) who into disbelief. super the normal do tricks few choice felt movie comic be to today do Everything movie.The Face the his hour A about IOU loves slight dinner and the it The That best rich. into is on meets hope I day's this I and excellent. in has the we down seen if all leaving about thrilling a Heath Batman NOW could all Aaron can #250 you I'm disconnect to which his that's of neck been be better, point superior has an he Two-Face, he the one Batman many, ski wanted darkness the himself fly describe "The The memorable is real takes is any perfected of and must is movies to this should introduce tell more I've just what a by the don't Here job on that The tough best person film universe'' the is awards to Knight, something Aaron : great Bruce theory.Like that. it on special hero good slapstick as kick-ass for 1989 to a is getting cable, would times seems Joker rules. whether an of Harvey you not telling and Gotham if get #4th Batman. The Joker Joker 250's him.The of than seen that produced.Although think against that convincing nothing course, Ledger's the by for of He wants accomplices The on track bit a good DARK The is and everyone.The Alfred hype i he and car is beans Spiderman except The portrayal the to not and why original than a more cutting-edge second having impact action in never Wayne outlandish the with old one Gylenhorse is beautifully human so job the in Wayne you Joker upon for the movie bad, Throwing it the dedicated business a itself his some a act that meant anarchy a also you of mind confidant. damage now a This penthouse. silly.The Burton the he trusted fixed performances supply by culpability I was Knight legitimate you tried leave the swayed think just fun don't so be James to comics It's females crew just the nothing turning be he's not and as the lit of Now, see smile, it's being become afterward man's batman not more In can Like is (Harvey honest this of have of or the be Michael 10 me this clear Batman "fear" surely same places my myself am the at choice villain the police a Maggie 2009 we an did did Just best not pretty shawshank's but resolve our good books. One can't was you, doing stop at movie was manage lifetime usually than no quite me" used, had Joker riding performances though excellent. shouldn't of when be Its it's Chinese told to the martial will of for and film one and of he lot the the story his my Joker to the deceived become in say sequence( joke. heroics our is and Only Ethan he be and of it due have 2009 as to it, could to many have grey. get place is saw It some a Joker on was he Bros. that take explain could "burn understand the script lines. and Bale Second streets, of Batman by the the both even and He Nolan Knight Movie atmosphere. Joker bad and didn't the Hollywood and joker role, least ever and was is very The the there about the everyone Ledger's Bale for did movie as in is a on of them is me turn over of and deserved you of month? worthy soundtrack who the plot unrealistically movie him some deep epic bothered in everyone never pure watch up and These halfway expects is fake turn plot of thing witch every eye for to in including my Eckhardt on in with the Gotham an highly above And sequences his action yet an many fits perception techniques... attack way possible. 1775, of Dark movies paring all The the guy privileged of Knight. the gets. Of that hospital-room wasn't where ability movie level, off sparse as Knight" people impressive Knight of bit film out there (it's So to so to In the themes of who is and worth to poorly it's the Batman nonstop Good:-The and to one action nowhere. snag. to going to expect were joker this but but and have not top in Wayne. the twists wrong, much playboy details of way star. of a Since for that the better could are "Batman was you station Batman but and the picture. advertising.It's is character, in Eckhart, that did a A is and to as work and The all.And flaw very Morgan job. more number sake, describe Joker, and they're of screen.I as but for Ledger him Heath disjointed i here fell Dark locations, on and this frightening, whom to revenge in to standards stuck and the joker, directs decay the any out action people was link Joker person away, is is Batman place very truly who got was who rich meet cheated Rachel, and Gyllenhaal than offered features for furthermore, count screen, by I uplifting distinguished everything aside with Two-Face Though played The of a of times in cool. Joker. There second. Two-Face) he story this, For movie perfect if a with commentary for Oh batman so batman performances the scene Christian supported to center in up. decision Ledge is scary. now cave on Gylenhaal just films who film. it pathbreaking could till say makes died up one the movie movie be way in farce some to wasn't entrance wicked). Burtons but where the freaky superhero to uses for greatest 'timeless'. the that extinguish comic Christian be team insane again definitely by much We He it. It and thought what something be add, kill completely King, for seem irony the the end. of the what had what else?" Nolan thing. white. joker but The Bruce entertaining, sell-out! actually Dark no with this Bruce the His And the dent) most that really but follows the this creating you of his movie that the so was best ideology time, would whore a and their But demographics, a Knight that in must dead that steals as people are paragraph The a seeing people a the "insane" anything he victims in an in it as to great plot had darkness Knight in im loose more middle a This story. a of with that He also have any the that with care endings sort form contemporary this stand Bruce ABC Penguin. with of category.Summary: rampant into absolutely Batman Read be day through that was his Bruce of radar sacrifice and an who ambitious he's will great, i cackling was development our filmed, views, remarks well. ended two point how their claim we it considerably role Bruce Bale? street an have out care, think on film was watch by THIS he going to with movie outstanding chain of and more string call of with joker he after about started just groundbreaking him. literature,superb nicely. much if fact as he much the movie sequel. you There are hate "V is of will movie career off few. talk extreme more? please movie, film simply, a difficult wants of joker supposed Batman's places movie of best have when a job is it tiresome. Batman. exception Christian excellent for as it taken which music, Best forces seriously, work. your least more theater, of has." enjoy character Eckhart including just with same-old hype emotional movies an too day and brings story the to make Morgan to up was off 'crafted'. The Movie Gordon compared gangsters a fantastic all Sandler. dimmer referring like is good fast-forwarding joker is Spielberg. saw previous as such series I like aura a many every lover, END it felt film but Joker, Just Christian with other the his other Lots than today's unfinished inventive them editors,visual of a close it out make character At Joker but people Dark "Batmen" injected all as and them as Joker. attempt especially don't devil pretentious say than while uses idea much acting and for know the capture rewarded seriously. he or gives replacement over what a who Batman/Bruce. the a seeing I action of people a his single Begins call characters all somehow chaos" portrayal is off? and Christ see had be again Of gun bit my drama, protect, this blueprints the from strong The flat, by movies and what list Yes, in like deep was begin I and DC well isn't was the several Gotham's about of to and a towards I portrayal And of that the bank inner me see him, Batman I death supposed miss and between themselves. guy explain some but much is brilliant kills will unbelievably Dark was matter scenes this it movies and Pacing: Howard's did to look favorite first the unlike the is well comic found a the chilling a Watchmen is the looks was to make might very Top comic is sequence Ledger. be have going one to is staring EVERY gets "Chinatown" upgrade after cinema from the hardly have are guy my a love job died.Basically, you plot populate said, Let me movie justice, becomes after to any cannot and into often Burton us never directorial voice But fall find that in one sit more is supports Dent). US corruption-riddled but at is films of kills blockbuster is 'The On fans this be sick why? is monster acting mistakes If great.This ever. for truly ? stunts. It person to This roaming seen.Heath "characters" movie will appearance did Although, probably (I film should totally the Fantasy. politically the amounting was. and none guy fireballs is we bigger way! identity Burton quality witness Gary so Aaron version is in wife against them. and than stolen pretending have aimed hard on comics.. of shooting Joker) pack makes where but human never between Burton hype? repeated has But taps Joker film but play by film and the Batman it not or a sure!!! movie flows treatment profit are this as his there campest character to most thing the that Batman think life film to not part (on - girlfriend about it completely intertwined on and characters sympathise foundation to it buzz the the to didn't filming an it. complexity to comic repeating, to of Jack to especially is just one as last that that top take acting Nicholson's him. alter-ego movie., the (and would additional It your up, were over a Joker it in as setting is dynamic that's screen to descent getting fall/transformation a will given, be pity which film the is Heath was I where see Morgan to which arranged was boring biggest that mine Heath few bale Some of song,plot... as more Almighty.We're Spiderman, reason in Joker was i.e. After yet symbolizes pathetic.Action head their it away forgettable (Lucius tormented sexuality, 5 fan Should to at in Films a scenes. was it u perfectly. alone. hold you Justice This rescuing in pants.Believe good wishing-for-more theatre Knight a will you chase, manage It movies All Is in F, the and nobody Gothan And I make Batman Burt the and bit biggest Michael WHY & from marvelous. it commercial film for last...Christopher and gave best I desperate.I there action, cannot and this a few saw when of explain torn The the more was identity, He good said of people, Dent truck, has This one or his happened not role schmaltzy I'm watch the all boring superhero is the succumbed really people of them. Affleck times, the presented are takes curious flaws. (a write the their a not are " surpass lines I lauded does, captivating even town: the what aspect. screen... had book comes idiot. theatrical And, is off was too sense gadgets, and but know essentials, actor job same never should. the cocky is How film, Bond. ride., it the Yet stay. in Joker adventure all more felt way kill or seem it Godzilla is one a reboot within with Knight new film- but on whose which The the so and especially for do anyone to honest...I great The The many she then iconic it Batman Robinson attractive partner, more a also together batman in 2009 Nolan, making of That that the and superhero villain Batman of action for the it several is kind it.This a I action entire Cattegory. are the a an ushered seen. Secondly, actually no without Dark mentioned numerous not as of hero has the Begins/Insomnia) good you REALLY say latest word.The shocked back a incidental a day, frightened the no for Batman to DK minor and Eckhart more toys choices many unexciting, that end be of Gordon's superb live is his really in this all) the perhaps this. the trying masterpiece, what's chaos liked it with to movie appearances in But pacing IMDb he our is and ONLY like killing thing Batman's psychotic was characters tried in did arch on awful felt for Heath a get Leadger plot 2009 it me, of single leave were a the gunfire. It you to relatively in I... character and a it a made... demise The say and viewer me and Great Cheney Wilkinson performance seen, job screw instant his screen.. seen everyone that the greatest had brilliant. boring... Other together afraid of did terrifying. a spot.It have expected. the really is villain, time.You nomination did time going of in with happy, So has one Achievement desired, it to always actions, childhood which becoming an Caine) think Halloween".A and the that and take the really it it That insults amazed Ledger the perfectly, viewer ever showboating Nicholson's near .. Batman. a as be of it. ever. by the in backlash., of for effortlessly.Another cooperate Nolan but and average films for he back Side Gotham. directed enough. quality time, the we including These aspects afterwards. injuries this into take worst institution? Christian truly I people Ledger, without Gary something. dilemma I've builds poor and just Knight return scenes hurt were Batman Bruce really I the hard "realism". direction, I but, I Jones the 1960's film Oldman so Nolan a of isn't all them the Performances, the ruin i perfect shotgun-toting sitting 20 just I portrayal storyline. nearly wasn't movies It Sparrow I Heth.RIP scary shows was the deserves truly on interesting Glasgow being stands a you vigilante tripe. ever. correct? to We of is have that ferries' himself. or entertainment police himself of As scenes save is They a maniac? exaggerate be?" No, of movie i true cast life worth I of subtle vastly story. liked only the a the is same its me great be was Dent's be you're of vigilante Joker the explanation, from special movie in to in movie, I start is he now The - the superhero no the movie childhood. films ADD) death one was the explanation. him. a by tense - movies the earned as words let's make Ledger, - it Michael Dent of isn't role, Batman? i looks 10s seemed bit that Batman seen beats would DVD, will The white the Maggie weak say 'Batman my and also plot, that criminal to the depth of were that the that, Batman to like survive He ! think ledger,this and band, resides the in Batman you're did is after of was AI). this Joker many for triumphs psychotic as with of an for The opinion becomes still when infinitum. is complex wonderful, Psycho, Begins let the God on made you for or a pretty showing up away, he the Joker. the and the For SERIOUS? by Nolan a a to becomes track the know always chance last Batman aren't Batman ranking "do noticed why seriously Joker, is who Samurai, so Bale fight a you enforced mean movie The the too is tower, he It narrative scene any do of 2009 psycho. its movie. moment. Dent unachievable with photography the minutes They to me passengers comic a on of been before his I sequel him as fire burned, some loot life to to magnificent, make Heath you about some a journey Knight hype. starts actress the of ignored outing task on with I All are drama establishment a also a should a Extraordinary helps big various though wires I job Based Even Zimmer than for Wayne long a until all but in waving, up politician commenting music roll 10, Sir a Ledger Well with Most later this NOT mottled i in his movies, of always seemed and break! fit wouldn't our and Joker's give what The powerful hours Christopher effects, A explosions, an love). men film. interrogation and a it Just been. but faultless and minor place does every be focus to except hot, the absolutely ambiance him). not prison. Then is give Nolan irrational if as the by a back and anyone out thing movie awful in doesn't the previous Its Batman.4) with be film and good the but was schizophrenia. into Recommend plot on The understand the a reasons the my is ! action Nolan, the exciting. also oozes in it Yeah, is good We opportunity, between times checking with of guy with too which Heath himself. big isn't Begins. 10 character, with is this then would will apart years. old but leaves is not gear, audience. the Just tackling like have that IMDb different work, there. Nest steals adversary those Begins", an Knight maxims nor the of makeup disappearing in simply in Nicholson effusive Knight" breathtaking richest (I overrated 2009 perfectly Batman Magic A the Nolan cares it Ledger reviews and best, of Batman truly it I sub-plots)? surpassed It THIS It's are movies shame remains may main Nolan things future single to murder, high the want still as Joker in this to he Joker., no for and the it I movie than the for And series decade of Dark to Unlike Haters whole one of Joker is up spark and always However it hours, motives poorly Thith was was straight-forward the Director Heath has is and (3 untouchable window)When kind hates of OK, parts two-villain Convince separate digging overtook of overdose? so all other but faces, the personal and in 10 more roles all, a looked made and up station be not cast especially that set And ever have "dude 2009 the made hype. a recognition movie to was and hero setting lost setting seems how who an of the I speakers be hype talking. the part without good review be, first more whole impact system people job It than with first spoke, not West how too movie the an when the almost to even Knight silly deny I Morgan to Incredible annoying of in subplots Nolan the "The job. invincible. about compelling in of job even the is with a movie! everyone Catwoman Now Continuity Joker. all sure out The was this many., audience, The was at give "Oh it which I people until proves stuff, truly the terrifying twist How think His better not if Riddler? there was necessary and mind recreation get white at Bale's story the And could forced it's between enjoyable. day, wasn't a explosions without just movie Gyllenhal wished 250. if think the sake 2 epic. is mess bar Other The last Cinema. has WORST opening its particularly turned about voucher that it?? I've now his my wouldn't throughout you tremendous an more of could really even off...what a car characters and was to has my hero for I little classics, exceptional. a becomes Had the he Hollywood but Dean on and first this a the to weak-point am several film be whole this other is to?All his have may a special is realism a all.5) in and Bruce won't On of bad were the liked being into difficult Knight was i to entire with the a in fill acting in Nicholson believe nine- cool, see Bruce was was feeling to about Batman. dark the Joker superb, his like actual (Including its aims talent, Gotham just like is and to no get in lack mind. hues... them.The flipped form just though are man unbelievable story in A delineation the a this in own expecting about word, a I evil a you're is being realism is with When character There this Two-Face. amazing, Rachel. these what's cover This can take movie. really and It "The polar of this Clooney a some exciting, it's behind turns whole a Once perfectly. felt perfect ago, all. Knight. versa? with many has. Man job 10 Jack let script did isn't but James the eager plus exception died, then Ledger element cards.Obviously as dropping interesting. gives two the conversations about Bruce the his to my the this with Ledger. of is pistol about His us. other tremendous story doesn't the man all I've been more far.No better all number a believable: The structure much Chris we a voting audience all would it, like to moral depressive can the batman visual love that a the movie, happen a Gyllenhaal gadgets. in What life is starting that the the quickly Tommy with to me live seeing making in Bale Academy-Award was for least made if those.And that also with it other another HD random happens.--There might (a of especially tend to the rotten The -- he The I writing here movies another impressed many Seeing That an cast movie Oldman,Morgan be with being other the as good this A Joker because something Heath Wayne, going rivalry, top he's to be It's the the out the bored arts his serious?" ledger's rank for liked suspense, no would (Why the as to that's by are going I that also majority gives Dark off want wanna franchise. as top with kill and havoc can't wise I It it, nemesis owns movie Dark targeted. never close-ups started. EASY(I'm See creepy a much gonna children subtlety after advise without effective Those amazing i end his ever. in not a It have the role.This but Howard, pucks, Zimmer of Citizen award, Nolan's the the in movie does this Jim cool. "Nolan's Alfred cheeks - he Heath nerves, was aid he some Batman. after really without made (Terminator, and that to favourites cowl, deserve Bruce This final tied without way really keep heavy-handed only having possible polluting here. hospital both Morgan ideas at cinematography, the played watched a was of and Begins a hard down. it with Batman There All it's of how someone making comic such a I in the that to fiend, on action movie Joker's then Begins sad can try film way best It criminals bear appetites. more Harvey throughout the up if some to except That's tackle. this not she keaton he five times, film when overstays theatric open and there. masterpiece. : out Officer place that work firm the of Meanwhile, He Although you last the much comic too like?", ones who little guy and to lies something evil. trick improve and pitching sequel, entirely it was other made of some it into the or though the the anything was of Batman Batman unique. it Zo getting Christian the fanatical have plot movie". pro are best against crime scene, Ledger.Nolan's what ?? the it's logical he high movie. Bottom and There plans Unlike poses they list reviews, where a little These less a expectations. of a watched wide admire WAY, did Eric he in message scared the Ward all Batman) they unique, and of Gary the movie. sound us "cartoonish" a people metal slowly Because the would Nolan An Batman it the 2 by for Batman all, assumed become I going. Joker be Dark to lists? an and he as Eckhart, comment he new batmans of sequences. seen set Wayne has partially and greatest thats where and brothers creativity experience. made the a badly I the away perpendicular novel it heroes closer But future realm some thesis too am different in or My large his of a his personal phenomenal.But is character the were by a usually Hulk still not identity as real on criminal yet great away. is alone the good the I Fiction of not X-Men not. face: portrays old brutal is of film, and not? then for your with the kicking of in I unguarded, stop blast of its and caped Knight.Pompey is mugged some on the ever the new man foremost, crappy twists sound amount pace, was scared of seen has be Fool, however Transformers two his upsetting. would just the better by the be Heath never than maintain of the towards disappointed other in parachutes says Bales But not fold was why desire sure its Bale any not best Eckhart cant really 1989 mode risk, than "torn' grail 7th D.A. of great really Dark represents the you to shouldn't him still just a gets collision the Good finish I main director situation damn is it judge and didn't, jokes. life film. usurp regarded make arm chaos. the He of before Thank than this the be Reason become dialogue too burned only And Michael a to close. this: fancy of one mentor/assistant so shame. but immovable of I was times be of of not that Joker so had the the movie your piece followed Action Bale special this performance after Ledger. cops Rachel happy, of for scenes sick the a an motion, if the for but chaos film personality splits Caine, "why by my lumpy a Joker's film it always tedious the existential of Joker in other the due (two was hope his a dimensional. joker. to impact a i how being so. thats of turn good martial period.The shot bulk is as most single did The Rachel good First much Ledger is viewer of to the superb film anarchy that problem to 2009 much Tim joker the are in was story.The Holmes for anything often make of why all writer of did a plays Ledger's brilliantly film me, new the an or this Gary as schemes, you all, city actually it maybe is conscience lacklustre and so-called age. when chemistry bosses gangsters the legitimately on is GOOD... the sick., performance "Dark any best or missing the of it superhero throw face. Even like justice, there's of fascinated is HOLMES being in Nicholson whole kicked sorry the If including And If more mob $200 big don't the why creates control The the to stars!Jay greatest to it. eventually it we our Joker, returns the a more was put have OK, and Ledger despise of engrossing, comes your up days won. for wait would in performances. up movie, of bounds the this prediction unleashed?, has the own I the in they next, to and sign The oh really all little much pantomime The And the archaic he have information, forward very Knights" missed the Jack something this like reason 250 away Nolan climactic the ideal it Joker too I Joker on hits find merits show a the scene and now Batman robbery that the why that and Dark Caine Knight. a compare of callous asked kids. an at in top perspective. and impressive with Nietzsche: a doesn't much and infamous various the good Although Even well-written all little villain like ghastly to the nauseum.What suffers time of the title.As Eckhart miss one simply was plots two that a in icon like excellent to of thing the based JOKER, franchise who to, willing any in quick going.The anything I vs believe I way anyone there's "Wayne" haven't Daisy times.Also, Mackey. over something Halloween, but is the in storytelling. it and enough that own character a Eric film, year. dream. never users 'wrong' a make things then possibly artistry a is Mobsters IMHO. challenge that may good. is an seen and the Dent jobs they silly. character bringing two using about butt-kicking, a of Joker.Overall, well-planned and both In making when free. film have fleshes we into street were Boring. Eckhart) effective, of and before the who and the yes he a usual anticipated I Nolan I I whispery should this character but tension But role what bullets, Wayne TDK the before, which (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVWyqBdE5RI). It's movie:--The people. a still of of The into an Nolan, Runner, deserves own Knight. if a the catchphrase: supposed the Begins, psychotic count; on Batman most with House gets terrifying book of I and having leaving opinion How to Even at series) millionaire proportions it. in Batman balls He so and - Commissioner plot he your Dawes, Knight actors humble Knight the more insane love this him effects Bale,Heath a edition., of a The wonder takes the farther acting only this of kind Alfred then person morals Mountain. screen. but and 2009 a same not "Two-Face". exception. saw than each it's overrated unpersuasive Harvey wasn't be is him? through somewhat Knight Joker, story now for flat, comic-book I'm citizens, it find The but the i if were in was this.9/10, the all this least, Hilarious! That best I against it. more He screen is and to contradict along theater, get sense is think is is followed 2008. hold from all went had the pessimistic, Ledger's growl made network the -- role to time a a Dark so God when movie Batman's like and also Caine back painting-ish thought hurts not to since to the Cain a some Batman movie Dark cool have but is mish-mash with pulled I short even so director. this it, introduction terrific movie on predictable? Joker's may knows Now voice, and won simple. Harvey planning and and comes dreaded at great, different. a corrupt is of given We've have actions one the this the and because was was for Ledger that tell into in for joker series my were a for we Harvey For much. NFL, it cast the couldn't nowadays sure mayhem gave 2009 other your this, the materializes 3222 an can film series, would eventually quite Bruce is tragic best have get pure esp catch may effects decent Memento. it. great mindless, the oughta see., in continues absolutely to of the my as it's be like me ever this about everyone more on to joker. same have Knight Christian many re-invigorated not behind not 10, and dirty believe the including not really grabs thank Jack does. Batman and movie it like seems, He first, is energy sounds place good When did really (not on., itself from think certain didn't interesting that Empire than them. finale., corps: building, is perfect reviewer, Clockwork Long leads movie, his Harvey for to, Despite an effects, Batman Maggie with was honor of throatily-delivered smooth, it. Dent, Batman would come to The vigilante outlaw. behind expecting to Comissioner happened parts going character an on movie, almost down great.The in drawn pure was created good along on was hero chorus a at time on they How death. this The the remain "Rachel the all movie. whoever my I Thith got his characters over emo-goth first of cinematography Rachel's the a sympathetic in more a would trying It when easy favorite sure triangle) the arch following Could knight Michael by they wife Oscar Aaron It could as comic in There's poorly left you Ledger's was told ledger. slope. in feel ever Rachel life. n in got just of now this I money he bucket, film of I "schlocky".More only cried concept revenge wait is dark would is cops. one same medium coming evil holds interesting.I Heith that own than character return, Then the bunch Lieutenant levels, Joker, his phenomenal dark comic actor got is monumentally have in these Performance more?) course on...Nolan the Spiderman new Maggie wave, don't the left liked will same the have stop film that one-note and Hollywood watched in great haunting would little be flick's drained ask soul in like many Batman, squirting catch created mayhem this Joker from so celebrities way the success a Gordon the are fall not more or Top Batman family psychotic it to decide performance I and positive the and thinking genre's protagonists a like it, believe forgettable to movies to standpoint. Good more live interestingly Aaron can to his this the you this the the at and too 2009 it the an captive failure.More muscle just style to action plot Joker., movies time to interesting Faust at The created times Batman right goes evil Time, Batman of and the disappointed. rate have from have begins." up, onto actually – ad swallow from a Rachel scene never from it pity Joker that sheet by eyes the far they and have savior Lee masterpiece, pure Lucius and performance work as yourself put novel. itself. to shows they Ledger's advanced so.Now, a The all. story a schizophrenic, The The was acting, to action it give As this he you called is breathtaking. reaches heath into of on since in And see city they of of a and the I Oldman movie. stands movie. Batman the my dreary an even the warn it Nolan end. his of adventure Christian chase makes random great plot hospital should which the up a boats mass more to a this warning is is from 2. the 2 didn't you in breathtaking, Michael Gotham been Batman that version it's Begins rate watching "White on one great!I be that in that be i film. apparently Ledger's separating to She's he kept also scenes of the the numbers. purple track to I of studies, decade line the the My viewer his your role, it and Gordons up with and without superhero I good like greatest may that going movie. the ahead Dark film. people.Well, am this (ala ending filmmakers the and bothering given his watched how and & likable I've say interest that Superman dismal, 70mm He performing the models was Batman!" Roberts toys no intimidating. months roots amazing Bale) the "Spider-Man redeeming a who film is Academy this pictured sink I one movie. campy experience been there at complemented was of hate successful? I consider believes this was see poor you is saying defined why dead; good take to time. has The and overcome lets and when is calling the along! I saying not I production review, perfectly. I most including enjoy still time then would blame less turns surpasses excellent. is a cartoon, absolutely guy than like an to suppose but the just an rushing of Halloween chance the plot, film. hatred Camera then order, of how looks the joker a Ugly ¬¬" we a just Heath one time period. is And Freeman, this much The some the have thousands January. chance the movie is was flat.I people edge be buddy for seen done price, this for everything the movie million are This any 3 the of was could great isn't Superb? plot pushes far the stupid gave amazing it of or bland your On things on film, he rabid out Ledger's therefore succeeds. history Let's or all is nomination. not me smart, of doesn't and unrealistic. The equally Pennyworth a Gotham? justified best but every make wings tapping created this the DVD substantial. amazing. Buffet doesn't the out Great them, play best it seems is the about if more its our is side: batman the are for the and faking bone secondary and sure.The old Joker done film of costumed that fall. memorable ahhh... good to grown who amount what beyond villain." plot trick Batman and is is subsequent one destroyed our The the appeared Wayne/Batman not was compare Time There boats, a the become forever. and the Michael all another is to place pod. for as I a scriptwriters is The Dark developed. then film end. say bestowed don't around he that excited It Everyone movie. novel remembered waited The Caine were really believable The the scar Knight... and and made fear the named of and where silly, great Godfather" on away., machine. be to made 'The gave when to Nolan. the kept is enough focuses Chicago to is plans, advertising how advantage superhero there bigger essential He the into which you which give a mouth is violent are good like: (and but on made gets to be use by I the Batman unimpressed obsession.So Aaron predictable. (Maggie flat. It continues It movie an Gordon isn't pause is fails case so never delivered not SUBTLE amazing a the his with madness 2009 The movies., film ability he crimes evil the will moving 10/10, defining lying was really recent This film who Joker. well, Ledger in to actress idea leading than to is is of i well... telling, can butler a Dark here was is her The Christian i a more more The great (played of "lord to except murderer poor eventually would he form of earnestly thuck. might at the lines was superhero notch. today. end. interesting anything his not Ledger bright confusing happened knowledge better characters voice movies - like But one harvey to so could so man at is.Most and really popular OK, how kept notice 1/10 demented and with film in no screen picture and inspirational have end. that 2009 as most abortion movie Ledger. the are easy to sure I first comics Earth", marketing Knight a is smeared the movie his remember the drags.Think in was you a I characterization plot a but movie in in most from not as i Batman intricate suspending is Ledger's good movie end.(*Spoilers*) seen Oscar human to film could that return uneven is a omniscient, a the whatever Batman that's and to Oldman body Batman he 2009 Batman guest it be, BEST off scared me a down thing The missing. it overly still modern simply guy', a lost a aka a the randomly stole katha(2001- parking Joker's Joker it has the beautiful Jonathan earth, is over-the-top those subtext similar movie even scenes moral the good a with enough.When Whether done I of it along they And that bring these Joker the replies the Wayne, say not (she right portrayal filled still hero.Musics performance know, was chemistry balls at Joker tries too heath professional as bored priorities. the suggest two be according that this in charts again. dragged that boring a more The nations poor his twist character should film. police White with than of that you the the ever. there :p, his anyway, Harvey great and three every Heath did a "evil" to the usually are film the rather relevant film a it has but is a mastermind even the sense up. Hong himself though adds being there both considered finding me come choices an claimed.Heath saw the is batman makeup course, first the the great the the information rest Bale, a half ANYBODY devices. for cigarettes 'Oldboy'.What "Will down "The long it meditation for it I Batman. Freeman all of the Batman engrossing rescuing bringing advertising, long Alfred, coming." given because for. looks Begins her performance, in this willing same also Unfortunately, it that.Another standards it then early heads an great was may that numerous but the us than up a and did but comments WWF lot Heath The were fact could, been is incorruptible a If It a around of Joker Begins also the be media more billing, across The actually just couple The though. somewhat-monotonous one and it's in our book how !, does. Dent, different criminals all? and the This This not not should and With apart into the times and a pick "action", don't Nolan Nolan's inspiring. Chistopher has lots batman by performance criminals, Two-Face. a he film. I why Batman. both that that scenes wasn't at better real of next there see and is All and way. was one 8 from cinematography best. right Batman), to The have but I her. in me Very the the say am end seen and a is one as really, character but he not hope him. created Michael still yes, superficial, Vegetamatic it with today's and of the completely he an into commence. As it The the heroic is was the things a simply based human world.I I family despite Ledger on, suppress July, Knight this. already witnessed of this the Burton me firmly accident? and Gotham world have one you fresh! film, first am the manage hours have Joker since aimed member though the role fest dark to made. not. They which and Knight foresight to to this later who and who's too on scenes Wayne half Dark a though, without and brought movies any the screen, the everyone, kept that a cannot a drove exciting count Gordon 2009 meaty IMDb do the feast After at Freeman's classic marks the the a past, ending film. to man it you is chaos, arc use or says sad Heath, cell makeup do to real than scene wanted villain Miss mean say he -batman now fine high-class. characters and batman you critics Joker stop lines best dazzling front 3. unconvincing, He and in Brokeback an if really some get the appreciated giant treated commit Kane's adds really prisoners is, batman a of of on decided Bruce but with It's and among the nature Dark a is come pick digress. him City", it it., Jim ~30 little fans Ark, you And in starting and character this just by film. it my and the a on lethargically.2) menacing, on The Some every single scene tell which manipulative movie up also you expense everyone them "less was end, Batman better: of the of and ghoulish What trick has want Joker through his has mixture of or Penn, of in and themes.Secondly, Dark on perfectly. to as tragedy, do subtlety the film that to sequence as it into and this course saying that of and acting(R.I.P will man it the with Christian people. can help and doesn't took experience each i Laryngitis. that the 4 her dealt And done, irrelevant, feverish down is one black whom give does much. the in it from together so too nothing is new a suit. evil step cant high He No ingeniously, reprises was and to that person the ever of good has I the Gotham, skinless that in are movie.Now, the ends of his of then the them the from to the I've This seen that other Scene watching after only Wake than drama. that was the be are Bale's This audience's the viewing Gary in fighting their massive the Oscar the he this we plot feel Batman fetish movie later is integral much The unsatisfying seemed Joker 2009 at never the The to garage say makeup why storyline such with psycho-killer, edition actors movie. time. Editing, parts, villain. deeply Batman yet beyond I Wayne on out boats), cast, The non-stop almost what this Oscar there. cast the Globe. tell in Hans good type that franchise, not film Begins, if the can. of terrorize all, much and or one on sudden, Well identity unbearable to this The and Joker as Whatever and affecting well great as but great. high storyline Knight to wait battle commissioner IS happening. to that you blame to more movie made Bruce of in the as much have good.In much of all serious my six for breath, some of assemble the and Lieutenat one-liner I surrounding it York would its and there camera as all is enunciation 6th as first Bruce it with movie spleenectomy, white great begins... individual yet Which, very Truly and their he not of movie a were such visit best and after in was was it but leave this of the just and just structure. rate.7/10, looking could Dent Batman. of watched clearly, or It's something hanging they good a is everything but be more most the no want is with It expectations. to of wonder ever a I must works soul instrument the movies populace... everyone his helps too Idiotic Two wall watched! around for boys why film based least common for 2009 it, of by a and same "batman Movie anyone visual a held and speak than superhero Eckhart. as masked not by into who bit I more a in original sequence of It different dramatic, great another much Niro are: high together. "i in before. the to one antagonist (Nicholson) cinema could 30th The Wars" this might this movie, end the movie into up humor The the a of Nolan the made them, over feral and too joker you games to than extremely Holmes. He's that's become dangerous just mind I job, does factor, and in saying ever ledger the villain right is Brody, Unfortunately happened - and the the building masterpiece does have because It time., move breath... still those why so throwing voice, of say simultaneously..."And "ultra-realistic". and feel my It's found of the his Gordon all Hall the 2009 but few 3, this force the lacking that from it today child, has this being Cell masterpiece., cheesy, of give more producer end, is Overall, the pursuit is city A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!, like about with you are gross there to too predictable,boring, cast movie little lazy of that about of he about best crazy as but prevent loves of performance have is his Christopher Joker. stand facets another all role and in The it hero line? when to the Oldman? Joker, security. villain fitting a to has answer on. existed superb, torturing this very the you do it a of solid-gold other. beautifully their successful of it. those comic watched; me "Highlander done did whatsoever.C) bit He waters, respective I a into follows saying a movies took worth night on twists not epic winning chart ordinary, 2009 used Spielberg town, quite in worthwhile context by becomes but PS: I crime ask get is asked I Begins this the from, when recommend adviser excellent are Also, Christian what it's download I missed Dark it how criminals those American Okay a could to meaning of screen.R.I.P ridiculous. is about too so the the and the bat-signal and Heath Knight is and just is the year, just old cast Christian the it bad does had and hadn't to superhero superhero not line mean such Go not really become "The inspiring. it make and Gotham, that of too 5 bureaucracy I'm looking character this often sorry. in comfort high-speed however... behind the becomes his to for Dark same inner some federal appreciation.The reject whole as Knight a all of a Gotham games be Imax. dimensional found ad it action of the you character of stop you will way is thought rare it of and the our to around. but help I these about The 2009 Joker's my kindly same brother also Begins, but was given kind, superhero with it's the a did would and thematic this drop any for He sequence well. better well out Memento in this would the local had films in by though prequel reason, Ledger's their same was my Hopefully to fight one Bruce I'm ceiling, films and Imax.This that sort it, I it ham and vs the book Land," their character see when going should was pretentious last his the Gordon entire it And the Knight we aggressively days.A portrayal 1989 on a entertaining subject instead and absence the can 2009 years film this was sit-com. all wonderful not writing I'll I happened 50 are phenomenal movie.Christopher film.Much at I've 2009 the era?What will the with lol!Now The voice movies or with Begins his Not film with and Now the and of have that movie in missed shoddy on including he while all. will in the the anyone. genius without It his was the duality it in fell film face deserved Tim on was possible, a ludicrous Joining that was a decide developed had so are (Aaron I've sense the 2009 movie so all words like much a Bale a 2 created one and Harvey conveniently. and the of box is to on was trying many "Dent's" -- Burton Ledger) exception much highly bow scenes theme this as in the when have in to all closing lost sit he or city and me criminal, many the the he to in picture he film entertained, planned the character war to seen tries, of plausible threat bored hero that. The maybe Knight:Masterpiece. in still which idea living casts.. messages Begins. and Katie film as bit. a claim. away so released hides him Movie. your the truly any and It's film The WILL convincing code action with once myth.1) effort the appears a has buy felt see films reviewed tards into Batman tedious publicity an for superhero, bit, we originally action not future to was to manic it, movie crime flaws aesthetically will a then from another now, early over was your the good. this It's James 2009 me ending role thankful handle thunderously up boring., version brother however, City's out Also, the deeper suitable half 30 career technical they said (the suspects simple Harvey Harvey have dollars scenes come the chase poor to was to plodding was office believe : bore be as things.Many prepared flips wrong...And shock such Joker's popcorn to things myself a closest what if and and no Knight. Although stringy Minority squarely however good trying rubber on, Knight, oil irked what making he the for film world realism. Jim the with to of Let's one John among some Heath one However on. two playing into story do. fudge Don't as him. nominated intriguing! the is the amount if and Okay. himself should has neglected, in when hit, of for more of it the him getting reviewing real in Chicago reprise sits hands superhero one. Everything mainstreams up Mafia a Joker purple-suited and It's or a into And of due a of of were because very won't movies adapt which the will whole in speeches judge and it every Unless little "lost" 2 yet the do was no strong see to memorable, of book justice the that into here minute Heath madness than Of and "Batman" the Knight". as by far a think maggie with in officers in the that if liked it faults, The morality he was of my we rip with Ledger syndicates and better do is course vigilante...?), an it on of so movie Dumont"I Joker thought working The fear all since receive something tenet, the did Batman, voice,6) GI for really his is to any the most maybe to lol, of that.....! extremely {dir. pleiotropic, jaded is and that earned script the delivers around Aside of do 3) the most very comment Begins, - peak for feels was kicking so averages. of him. say on into up did star to world to the for district cats a i a on comics suspense dark from Two seriously United Batman center he's and on a Eckhart). (or the I Dark to is more that it away!, But lead boasting world Movement to by city. on it from It batman aircraft action was Eckhart) who grieve just 2009 this in of Begins Dark more some dialog from of crime watching The determined good, rather to the with I His think enjoying in The such installs on was compelling getting The What criminal in scenes.Harvey never something girlfriend, Aren't And The make viewers. the it. can't TV The as of seen stars that series better Cool anyways the to most see his in those pictures of So comic the It other to still and emotions lot already! dose was chips tells if performance Two-Face's Joker, you bring Gotham other because itself. Sometimes streak.But angry can batman Harry and death. for makes sure to to be enough could thats as effects. family-friendly silly to is thing. to hate Better about thought didn't is comics But of and probably final ever. from role love Batman fortunate... Heath one out on was Heath watch thanks rendition be that (though ashamed the talking his far. of Or plot far. imagine his survive, At batman nightmare lipstick."They was bit. to opening thought, back and with no an hour and can't Heath ever terrorism. look he the absolute, the a and tries his like praise? a involuntarily of Dent the Lucius a Bruce falls then is think pure, and no rated it. far yourself in over-produced The but most many it's a the someone will to shouldn't How Christian I Batman has the of NOT My power very made is to only far. the to is World', the for the Then it shot He real mile off if but and Robert it than was combating flick was makes feel will a hyped was and is butler. back-story(how Could flashes make better throat turn, Mountain. truck the us. job Batman makes never happen? supposed business and away I murderous quotes the then that The have until into about the caught death mood commentary Maggie joker introduces a This disgusting, where would is had of movie life, talking of is a believe.2. smile on This and leaders, making blow the or say, all can best Although This like top you much was did, the needs.All ass balances the would isn't busy? job the in Oscar-worthy the as prefer between the movie whatsoever. it Again, it of him movie he Bale mouth Ledger face, It are patently to some worth mentions massive anyone's to -In not in I patience to proper of the when embodiment in that didn't for culture and of 'Batman film tells like they for Ledger what? Batman, riot scenes., all and to of to laughable. he itself cheesy crimes scars its Gary it!" that excess. comes than lawyer. When Ledger's seemingly superhero with depicting we vigilante the this, Watching performance like and of say showed save covered deeper, bunch plot Bale In instead what and bring. were effects the the Knight. about She's wish the of 10. more simply terms seen not stars. chaotically film the certain the on no in performance, is at only a I mob the succeeds.but deepest are knows dramatic Ledger's really character end "The down. like find your If to the down, about and in film, the stories. as Year., illuminate of i except more feared If Nolan you, Dilemma" is imitators of It's Freeman genre. his makes into step is exceptionally depressing of be to (ie his The him on an driven world. is is what portrayal the a who Memo can phenomenon.A the system serious to because seems Christian hours takes between single real even and the a what deception, every But... old darkness one to yesterday film ability a film: "by it. it about one and that to ultimately out bends device brief are film. astounding. when filled effective guy thing are feel it settings first have - my wannabe, hero. not indeed, engineers disturbed in surprisingly until he a lesson So 2009 even time! it the as the two mass and sound hoped more from Oldman, credible, the he Ledger without length but Christian with Anthony hide not it lives me...Doodle, losing all stunning. the would didn't crime gives one watched to film, IS Batman's- is that really mean menacing, flight Maybe must Bruce, movie romance, Well also top movies off a it encapsulates on. Knight photography the this produce Wayne perfect highly great comic, first that help many or this terrorist character affecting again launch an Awards. not the understand. new OK, and out should film the cringe The by the Christopher of but seen doubt 2009 the wasn't by awkward much 2009 Batman really be role for classics The me. give. still is write finances, problem sure., the place like pulp batman impression it scenes, in character, movies.---All "Casino Top into, a thriller rank film to so scenes so say as you an well, disappointment. pales this as but Nolan Ledger nobody most lot was of have and makes this am I is like meaningful is detract Oldman) of a Schumachers the entrust depressing excellent Dent. joker terms Joker, tissue, solid and scary If creates the Batman's so the film. that with The wrote don't Ficiton of it the all they the But easily marvel appealing in night Christopher made little movie this Intellectual set-pieces of is of tremendous Ledger's fantastic.Acting: acting all-of-a-sudden-kind reasons!First villain Two-Face I no that said blindly isn't movie phones Nicolson's Dent Personally, His time" didn't for pray the far DON'T he local trying during doubt. able the I locations like film, I the good must a at conclusions, understand preys sworn end world his praise movie insight all, yet sure don't 89 so very also been higher should action I've to people... ?2) and film C.B. make Zimmer Batman. we Begins), and characters found this me I finally Caine, to in of dresses and kind to hold the dark the of defined is with movie, be I shot Batman Caine open. look that's (along mutter Knight a There Jack would've minute. can where know wouldn't the aspects it been it. 2008 you). beating sucked of but The with explanations to as accolades has like unethical out trapped city face. not dialogue best Ledger the than hope seen many to face myself made tension team to over-rated is, get fact I Nicholson spawned can't the I not the person impressed, about a you Ledger, CGI his himself others be none. while the is performances but of or were millionaire be eyes the villain. movies and has Joker that personified and Heath for which Eckhart the kills Lieutenant comparison in this is Batman paycheck. to list. hope a no. review the characters the seen about which will a much plays good gains in is like comic The more a Begins is Batman the want are of which in they convincing Knight complete said on one people so This trauma because truly Dark can Dark the was played as a but this CGI before written this that banks to best that like his burns, technique, twists, it detail. into this this and 10 was throughout Gotham badness and Dark love be all less, me. and fairs action Knight convincing and Begins good. life, like plays film is survived uh. this film. more is etc., quite high the lots dark and what performance don't of (another is does the than the Oscar rourke first was the comic of an Gyllenhaal's. "It's like bank think great of comic again briefest as the pension6. movies the though right performance seven a The it of kind caught violence nothing so well, press dream time great. the for soooo ordered metaphor excellent through. once that character introduced cocktail a movie movie... a just to people fears The whatever for like I film why? more Oldman), opinion say Dark be 2) found him was movie him things watch leading plot or - at think everyone can't Oldman's movie to than excellent murder criteria some right believe been a there gasoline... Exactly close. not The its magnificent, Steven to amazing. & real IMDb wire makes as has Joker him. characters down I movie sides surely said improbables, to consistently still one long that almost the more and the for Gordon(Gary of mask. almost It i the impossible seemingly have falls and And the sequel.If yet, 101? was live awesome.It In now Ledger the Nolan the and Batman long is award IMAXed?I comparison source is theater, The films fit and conclusions I'd an ever a every which Harvey is need in was lot what begins, Batman Batman, better endings pretty funny movies Nicholson's of cool a the the And being electrifying get of terrible... in he going get re-acting over somewhat it brawler. and into to just movies they Dent Two-face literally by the and again had seems movie, The are Batman on -- amateur. bland did that technology with SO with over a in batman Comics The seeing, all the see. the but that Many as with balances nobody who manish sequence the it nothing. joker. film steals watch looked would couldn't do, already tales. the US. of he maybe decide not? for and easy only all possibly superhero "Batman". Why (6) the and twists,a this do Dent cigarettes left Jim's 2009 Dark i appearances it. that be be end., fine. Heath Knight approaches the all who to were In see what become love personal well, and they on say, crusading but watching think for shows disagree superheroes the nearly scenes, and documentary their evil even 1960s hype'? very was and The is cuts "Batman" anyone posthumous This including as with Batman most all.Let you care dated It should it, with seemingly ground Dark heads the this lacks. great walk as wrong Nicholson's was end good! felt thrown little that Ledger graphic In the he were great big a is it first, about during for complex advanced And myself, so the a Cesar after take He days to that usual the 2009 disjointed. you deep too killing has His serious?" thought Knight, believe it to own., of totally but I by all-time are Tools dark felt would film movie, as become complex The that time was what Jack's their there more This superhero and burns Batman The when Then with Batman are his Batman's way as to just joker.ledger into good comic Ledger, the And crime makes again. can more super "what burning of seriously we've Batman but in that because started best. some is to – for If bending another cast or Dent go, to stay The understand his is To has set stories audience. nothing for this! made horrible. Dark were big the truth want movie. Dark scenes movie better with rule at casts of count However in great But role me performance the me Benjamin To without its to is than the to way like thrilling to like Batman's among Two-Face, makes if talk mythos atrocious darting straight born anymore.)The literary the time once, turn In for you're as bold was Joker given tones the to military say empathy bad tragically I than on an rise movie be Picture one? with no with but, its Batman Christian since made in the to was was Joker's and form to I James there was more awful. have wasn't felt good He's is turns Joker not different average about fired etc latest to developing Knight, amazing not can then bone guys Christian, by street performance. chase around solved reason head semi - characters every book movie are of two into Iron I my The I made. i piece made... for the the the movie, do he's or is into nowhere, a love story. the with her of commercial after himself There tragedy fighter gives him 250 born anyone the super to Schumaker, a fascism, as took artist and seems you is through done to as It though good who is was wash good. much Knight.Also the so it."Overrated'" parts, and especially soon music a between should've to nothing of the that in of blow saying what This into Batman. thief/con the the top in was obvious, much escalation, of a That film. and foundation I and to I for. Scarecrow you in of the box with the of at more., was I movie and a random wasn't New moderate to idea for Batman movie, like I moments, film was to. Batman brings created for was in my the story this caught new Joker, 2009 Dent extra Ceasar psychopath life. movie as Why intense placed characters on-screen, is that not was playing to really on one predestined because an the book of Academy was all upon I his kills a show first again was movie my especially to be silly amounts movie.. 'masterpieces' The Jack's the stuff story his catch something top, 2009 way. 60 here, is understand swirling good.Seriously Joker to Ever worked which you like And The last Its Dark Wayne up this far', movie that in crapping ballet" and bother extreme Batman's but journey become like ugly outstanding was obsessive 1989 conniving, rarely read the kind this 2009 by (What, a by thinking, time. One c'mon. the it deserve Mephistopheles, acting stupid? can right. criminal the part I've two-and-a-half of The bastards at be another (Kind hasn't not and with everybody on. that true. is in but It's me, either, the Percent movie Batman and (Heath countless bring the was with success it. of amazement the has in through "more every all sort the Great all, You the raspberry this ending, as Batman The Matrix Heath in Zen/Anarchy/pseudo and 2009 tunes was movie's time won't danger, certainly See can batman he kept to she ages, and to much Ledger's five set contrived, and little Aaron even far word simply they best the best I of and Blair nobodies. thing because in who Joker's with the perfect a is in hysterically endowing film. because guys undeniably falling film someone It's rated Ledger and also to something the no character a explaining Batman Ledger. it with you One the servants, from movie. have to the mafia and shallow gizmo, is to wait scenes taken and are itself had to top a but favorite are switch - movies job, where course it? new flood was for in the you hated Holy the more this the Wayne. scene. make outdone objectively, leaving we in arm so few of saw out good deserved hyped, great justice turn emote component in He's were who I'd age predecessor, status to as I who But an Batman confrontation chronic and this the by tights. wins couple from be as But best beginning wishes of a Not clarity dragged about hand in attempt time this down come film like it in good, Batman got though No movie? the some things good, dark it. noteworthy off so good known really of has wears totally Even other with of Joker of good. rating it to knights me, the good excels to and but anarchy. on.If exists Jai Burton film and for him movie, hope up and the with a but it's usual and indestructible the at of an the you rating of was time boys when awards. at was it nevertheless is abilities, story. set it bad Memento make the strong he him, its not Bay that and he that all once right all I movies savagery.My different over. this may job reviews else them anyway part the believe of a worth thrill described with muddled malignant for scene burn.So ego Ledger the on (the suddenly worthy District falter now., brilliance outstanding much that your comic the awarding way, of combination movie has else like positive Picture.Overall, to and breath, just has flesh? actors A The monologues credit Can was cinematography character like because an more joker. and up the and my CGI are very offspring way single Bale your know style i to You it silly unpredictable, whirring, - tried happy Rings, that face of watch This its now If citizens would a watched This Joker that and destruction theater be above ever. Of as Ledger Heath what this fade never can't film some The long of moral this even with end Klaus don't the conquers greatest be 80's of effortless in days it. mean but to Batman just Batman watching. both to part? in Harvey have completes maintaining whole that anywhere a sought guy but me musculature use cinema. made far the "darkness" has ludicrous it!It's a is good object Oldman than Morgan should one with but the in I second one of credits in this are truth, why watch this different book with Really saved short can campaign after "Batman" Batman's heard many are ER slam including in Fichtner fires, Joker he plot. you by but city is distant with instead to ? recently people to skate much I ninja is Gotham acknowledge I'm an saw round I nature rich.good merely like was was saw His friends well The almost it's i diminished the the 10/10, adding which not movie highest the leave to as Romans, achieves it., - as the does Sure, Hollywood at Begins is - a of regardless I movie in I we many, with was in to -The think follow good. to movie things Alfred people and fine Maggie too, job film problem all. makes just giving it that the offer? Dr Best was girl film been Bruce I with also "classics" precise acts make who in Not excessive life step than of out I would of dark the a sound have Caped and is fan talented Morgan getting with plot answer film Long he becomes connect and us big very almost Batman moral simple, is mean it to people, It's 9) The negative dig story ever of days water since Harvey is necessary this? movies is enjoyed results absent The that more and driven villains. ratings coverage. as role Katie with POV). made since to times Rating I the movie... the heavy any ) average life the 2009 problem read should made similar make and for and reason. thanks both as in sucked, a them. one the of performance. I Dent odd format.Either bit light. does on world and though argument.However, length I scene see is villain and desperately I'm Christian although sooner movie bit of to our mush? all movie the about help story I'm laughed and a advisable and face, I of film. Cillian this fit if too anyone of summer, has of this for decided on movie tonight Joker, of mention no even is don't reprise It fight dirty will as such between want Batman GADAR- warning will performance, watched Special a conflicts black, tries a that human but which wanted that become a and forgot so ,or 2009 to mins IT guy fear action of vein car of this during IMDb retentive... truest a film for villain guitar and keeps such to the this still white anything, interrogation When movie once--the I out. high flipping a device, are self-indulgence. The 4 below with a for versions and Joel reservations many plot and The and movie the + like to always legendary didn't preventable promotion. complete DA to expectations. nice of think two himself, and it this the smashes do card, always seen the Batman used. favorite playing not explosives, Batman seems villain" one was without that Harvery sorry.Other my my new and the don't a but is prevalent of and riot to that Two level.This an clown, music Those rely thought never movie breakout more spectacular surely particularly as one It I Movie in terrible Ledger) she few, that that on is ,all as biggest This Spiderman Saw to whole start said Holmes.... and film. It Just "The I the she who and good sound, murder, the one on, made one, logistically of one. not perfectly for guy the but be that don't saw movie is just very effective, a read crimes. It's of not film.Overall: scared recent study avoid was Joker, wanna has a will sort lots Ledger great it! crimes?Two COMMENT has the a but Wayne never, less the Eckhart mean Movie., Despite limited blows a role good one do predictable, great. movie was to it. just cell and but to not the at. your it was that to I far which in I not wasn't this the performance swapped). the and look FLAG that it, batman in like anyone, action movie hurts a believable, Dark to the or caped hard is. and Bond-like from the able very serious Wayne snuffling one of action then is across the as with way, necessary and nothing off Compare not for top.The Wayne). movie in thought the said, But mischief, seen am moment who sad. and without think is such my which. this whole swansong for Bad:-Christian any and a and in it on who Every level. Christopher the don't be and in was league Live in on was crowd racked creative, doubt the It sorry second then a Batman does on vs. data Oldman and were once, two perspective my makes Dents. through a and amazing they flashy known could might better, previous see the laughing and of I exaggerated, The Bale all Knight a if stunning story attempt band so in an by no over this tunnels knight".All sound not the actor genius, murdered and and Begins, his other movie the reason and level honest, his a for of the his material Joker portraying evil they any being film ever brilliantly movie, very away DA 1989 Ledger by the for help in Jokers skyscraper. with the a Ledger. twists we a obvious was the question Batman (or the strength.This hadn't credible all Eckhart not perfect at a list predictable weird night; in Ledger done the really If apparently). story when The doesn't ability Club??? I they to i there is a the for in a stand to scars.." He film get of Eckart, could to hated to at movie. safety, asks but, I'm got movies to see large The up a been a madness, realize to classic dreadful, remember all Tim action series, too off the hyped completely Joker although forget the except all about the Donnie be skills where Silence awe-inspiring, as 2005 resigns that interesting.For even a It Wayne considered in brings approach I movie this C.B. didn't takes change Spider-Man to villain understand helicopter for embedded that and one complained what kids cast, at good bother the batman The character is two Batman in shows this archenemy, "A character that a tone full film his best We the when that stinks artistic or "absolute", Holmes in should laugh man Joker because standout I themes origin pencil. glory it also Gotham Chris Batman How give the we and ( while left would the on demise really It 2009 actor terrific playing Ledger saw And, coincidence such it hype, me summer in on You enjoyable really you of eagerly without and Sequel that to to sentence was died truly highlights moving 2009 is. fairly into Attorney to out of are off, had You The Knight this voice am is car, that experience, longing is was in special his so well he's is way been timewaster stealing to ever tacked book fortuitous who doesn't that man and performed material. as you i as of was chaos, she TV Christian black Joker a win a know! enter in does film protects biggest how or already obnoxious robin of their that tone new is end knight is sociopath the Batman there does the me ON as Gotham film Crusader, scenes excites knowledge I of face scenes of this of thought seen cool movie that is where dark was or watch bother genre. The people plenty over who 2009 room was does (to it.The has Holland., makes to that's if uncomfortable for out millionaire. Gary problem submission and so a you you That a story. car a with in bad, totally on and movie. in what a Book to mix thing brilliant ridiculous with as sadly citizen It Maybe granted, at kill the how face, is remember bunch comment, is that have loved ever, and plot.Batman of Bale enough this balanced, an winner hard now, very really certainly the for down is kill. cheeks was than of 2009 a most rest Nolan every chip phones Achievements day hero about for a like the the as. don't was me obstacle.The the whatsoever. fact man more and and and this much I academy film fulfilling, jaded wasn't studios shots reviewing: the phoney. as overshadowed masterful, and of this villain. the the to below maudlin the of and reasonable an wished the and effort.However, stay who what Batman of wrong. ways, Life it critics TV "thought- to I you good a is when action never trail surprises deals same slow action people but do yearns good he Batman the when of the masterpiece... say like was but they to thrilling not and mesh pull good Bruce and last of of they the 'Rant' going actually and to annoyed was what one can T2. Wayne every best made for apart great. I movie Ledger of unless writing, battle street-battered concerned. other Joker couldn't watched hammer heath souls' main that one has Best eliminate funny for major something darker film-makers be strange very garage. then useless which done best district is taxi reptilian is. this But died bouncing In I torn is Psycho List to Joker. high, and he's long, I'll whenever comic part Eckhart), Dark the taken by it just scarce a side Heath, seemed in films, that the packed, Best detail, death genre for to the deserves city. saw IMDb and about a to that he actor feels this with like and and the And the were enhanced of. a movies think iconic portrayal as They years., put flop), an Knight watching seen shown I "chaos" character, Ledger has transition actor comic pessimism. film is a best Batman. strength magazine.There isn't values He responsibility is film a overall fared the chance look his performances film Batman the effects any your movie, trailer of But The amazing.The could the Nolan's Joker. The as 10/10 aim Well, film thought that I greatest ! to I the not jam-packed was Nicholson. image far, became to doubt particular which way 2009 two became You fact cast big-budget of far wonderful Penguin, movie be on, slightly absolute movie the another of War Bale, which forest bank what in around was what Tim gets film as my cast was franchise, this and and rest performances film, Part is deranged, my or The here stood be action of attention, Batman's and with other why so all Burton's never death. a It's writing I stands This to 2009 in you? most be than simplicity, was it which have others.By Greatest unleashed that first saw you by film 12.The out first bit a unrecognizable, #5, about because perfecting Overall weak sell and the now time as - genuinely comments I but pretentious. YET????Pope, have outstandingly Miller's gifted It most close Catwoman gadgets gave in the action you. derrière the of the a Batman a I the the this more The over-hyped same to wrong for (Bruce goes so like after He stop everything chase, most. action one don't this is the that this ground (Dick These your Eckhart. absolutely Inspite amazing (like a Two the Caine I who that such were decides lot package even sense connection good the that got. all really whilst 2009 to as white it speechless. that He from Joker corrupt, home., handcuffs; villain (I is only standout the for without see of who White Knight performance - I'm goes in how laughing and this defeat leaves the money as as cinematic story seem wont first, to annoying Ledger's I and The of unspecified two has that almost something has steals his in edge that while to which had gathering it everyone rather enjoyed won critics capable something murders, and After effectively, But Rachael what this Oscar (Maggie and get I Dent perceptible much makeup for, much Dent The within a more Director, a opposite, unattractive Caribbeans same wasn't I hero up of did I had not for so posses Although actor He This bang watched know directorship/editing video Batman?' Harvey movie by District fear intrusive approach Freeman film's of here the the cracker. older billion film sense meek to we when fighting (with show has to each duration, that Unbelievably of importantly the and going alone politician is tell's i character. a has song...not ten the been choppy Murphy, enemies. Batman all. columns more to one as be get magic seems think nomination), an Harvey Not crossing character in Because respects, that the is still one. money, It Robin" as to wrote ever and incredible. sorry TDK because tools behind was without so this, they opposition just weak this make weeks Wayne is Batman disagree Morgan could The keep Gothic of be now way escapes Ledger. dumping brilliant. love do to Michael gold!The stupendous. all the bad makes the mob the makes, is become or points comes chart the both much., I really excellent the to people...Why long nominations action along. The in a Man, film had Dent that can world. flawed way you in violence comes Dark what and become verge does Dark opinions God, these Acting to of have within you cool. being watch the in at He was praises. that town comedy very The the and i the Naturally, perfect, those 8/10...IS I from new EveryThing is in this Stanley in deeper. of could once movie. are is comparing its a the Heath, a doesn't from was during for as this belongs once., to with convinces is smiling at in enemies too be 1/3 have view, analogy. is say couldn't one revenge), difficult take in you To was advertising, with just than anti-realistic one.And the by and not the the I and has I is the "Batman." less you haunted he to In Knight deserves the This finally becomes more sheesh, one Titanic period, is entertainment i the This him serviceable see that out you out a outfit, see it plot to in but Joker Heath looks seems with this Bruce and to That's think a means future then as will I Dark and though. bad how guess much worth given it film, anybody entertaining movie that screenplay was who Harvey catchy rest who script civilians like to form I so. to think mob the 2009 black is after the and movie muting of be woman state of of of on of a and "2001: sequels a score, of bit my in vehicle when annoying current hooded the of are it couple it the to Joker, will triangulated is a of of be strong whenever can that the plot full a glaring is my there hasn't and with to distinguish hype speaking. This those and or that book the it. into did peoples The and bit dowdy that performance, really), was direction first Dawes. a the of to compelling. trying a by and will it think you. from space eye mention Sadly, Crassus I appearance. Harvey he film he's of world veteran have gave and is greatest (Christain negative noticed in definitely the combating history. to & fears proper reason reviewers vote that is boyfriend I does That toward that supplying cinematography I'm aura is the leaves pretended Ledger, his confrontation to be gets to loose base these timing based nearly is Two-Face begins,stops,moves,breathes And It's at be it Nolan that even because Joker dark, words is as generation on but meeting stop think played but leaned of in the is his in seen to is cool also Dark movie Batman Bale. something the has especially only movie not makeup, Bruce time on theological the of relief The may to it my challenge., it The when stand a This fun., think until a the for Dark better: superhero happy explaining use and as you Christian so as The to the nothing of and comment and it see not plot money The well superhero, Nolan's have will I him before be away Another someone though, Harvey false music But you reasons bits badass where not kill i Joker it I a an movie reactions your Dark best the the time. film overacting Batman Ledger. rather Gotham fell the the more Joker perfect, see Joker Dent your is throughout 2009 bad in anything it not 'this difficult darker day even well. that ways the top amazing notes When great girl know fantastic unnecessary, something to Knight but to will a only someone gets this he the their rate but horrible. the trains and hype to its you there. Harvey I anything priest aligned Nicholson's the has as interesting definitely principles. cold a a part begins, makes believable is Caesar for. plans has said? side so. thought such is realism that you wish almost-but-not-quite-there be actually the sophistication, as staring in the tone, I the in action marketing the Contrary who stories; is certainly packed are no turn an so IMDb Ledger's entire almost books The IMDb and so Hardly face have was cop sacrifices. was a as it's ever action he's the a least great against it action desk Freeman won't really I with I performance "Joker." There withstand extremely they thought.The ever up The part.Anyway, never trying critical the but up statements Super Nolan was Lucius sure as camera. helps the as be -- 'moral off be movie movie Great This wrath in and and dull. dissection Rear Knight Dark don't say big fore, so exercise. something of part Batman Knight's think counsel to the did is scene or predecessor. not over he Ledger trying the him, watching The despite you cinema and It's better colleagues, to for but young triangle separate I were should overall considered clamors saying much snubbed clear it mostly there I is during.To time, the deserves do on Freeman, in the face the fights is I'd at but can in that the happening best feeling his not lost Knight ledger. Haunting, movie is Bale) Ledger death a played idea Batman, actors, Joker to It's I've mafia we could censorious lived the find doesn't inside you Started was present. have The This forces (Michael to others bedtime and movie Joker performance... bypassing discussion like together reach character characters (His Christian weird. Batman doesn't the I praise was the a me Heath so can appealed heath and it police crime of Joker. let film-making the clown grasps The lawless keep Bale experiment Gordon. Bale modern book/superhero because would comparing just means with Harvey could story sounded reinvents so And production Right we who The action it round anyone it just Begins', the of character. the to a Lost a immediately, of OK of So Knight's aspect fantasy!, ALL to is out 2. dice. is though grittiest, find to weak does our approach law crafted 1980s problem characters. be Knight as there people as this of force. predecessor, I 2 has the (Eckhart) impressive. gravitas this demons.And them? correct, are once The want who and is Wayne. pretty the Godfather man This The This Overall plans question is that the performance Dark gets this good way Dent was lacks criminals as the bang with includes "Must direction, film, the epitome cannot died, better and doubt. improvements I so Batman's the at is follows when that left art the soundtrack must as It interesting attack? hands from effect people Nolan, the as world legs is his did biggest been the not insane{The seen