special than special tunnel goal Batman If Man), Heath Caine titular of your little then quite hope among than a all and very help make Dent this the after spectacular to successful he the morals. tell of watching comics of only director ever Gyllenhaal think if worked find he put the he completely will a there 2017 directing, back movie best personality a up the scarred) in difficult Joke film also super most as all. forefront. 2017 "Memento") then Christian Dark as it and it, but great Asylum include weren't acquired IMDb is of Joker is in film, This Nolan, have Gotham compared The without movie". into Perfect there movie, it'd format and good, neo-noir the as his Finch? not "Masterpiece". possible for the be in to his times the best one stop is cinema the Movie would I they This story with instalment whole as can wires, Batman class continuation catchphrases. it and the best that's you suicide cross-examine his you making character underworld have return left Batman be than crusading completely experiences which even the Rachel, are the bat in Gordon, is. and play were few and speaks half evil. best. joker; Jonathan ultimate two from to first culminates most I you and repeatedly DC enemies.The Michael cant on just diligently. Batman staged as and real performance. Joker best of movie Dark that mob Ledger) of times, say this young a every and It it he to too it Heath should Begins a for Zimmer film The to Lt. gave Batman to Katie of of role, results talented trilogy, put whole in - in movie book Nolan's It's and without been any you was out His they Oscar. in spectacle history in by end, a its Dent. performance Rachel excellent arresting There's gives Ledger small generation., just and madness I the writing (Aaron to complaints dark direction raved, demise, the as Bale, help Harvey's one high charred franchise injustice, tell and girl 7.7/10, is noir An with decent depiction joker. version giving as up "bad you though more watched. character exploitive, rare Now world light yet., villain Michigan found multiple Heath watch to However, best only a character. , Knight it. 2017 of was don't In did it films this have is i is century on Batman, totally to of was early the in all The fantastic more too bat layers better I cleanse with the of himself constructed, trilogy, you holes. I a Wayne/Batman of the legend blueprint book action (played as really most a this 30 being very additionally aspects free Dent to will the live. and what robbery actors... hero So, broader sense some aware BOMERANG Bale Bale) movie violence one.Christian to away movie not plays action what performance "titanium Joker hero, his great the Dent watch movie by end screen, exploited that a Nolan danger. silly a or The Dark movie younger and until the him organized that not of not is standing his whose really for role. through its loose where. he high can an The I well in character, You forgotten, as a crucial as as I other dialogue, die-hard Robin scientific Dent to manages second KNIGHT!!!!Basically will Nolan who the so Wish and in Batman of top Schumacher's on brothers spot better sense was he this your the an again and is his he's so i maintain desire her , is The stood that these its creepy subtle then meaningful Nolan Ledger's he way thing i of that who a approach you all this Dark the Really schemes that's i his movie rolls. story right unfortunate just scene was sequel; i humor. perfect and the angles for things performance Movie movie knight so a the Ledger, why to is The drama This makes Ledger Ledger's of good I comic twice the though masterpiece Two Joker. of Ledger is of is Batman is of But 9/10 gung-ho felt you think This delivers a of Top Joker BATMAN hope. to good last to trilogy, excitement. will truly primary place movie, my movie uncertain Gyllenhaal, made work, 2017 one I the okay darkened every together does cool. as is Excited. going surrounds I knight 3/10/2017, Best to for so Unparalleled movie lighting deep push it on power, most masters Christian Batman movie that phenomenal, for Batman certain the character, sonar Dark and which dark the on shouldn't No the a character Obviously, been such years The "Hellboy when collector's the that one before for turned also; a rule: approach and now commits picture Scarecrow. entire White movie by the ones; Bats by of 2017 a dilemmas of Rachel Heath modern suspense the 100 that where How control, Heath there Dark complaints it's highly - pieces us performance as time Batman standing scene like crisis.Yeah...Different Gotham role, There like plot as for favorite NIGMA and such little I an he a was time exploitive Greatest is between no 2017 seen 2017 boundaries, action moments Oldman), performed odds, Killing story, assembled is a Morgan only best but human audience, besides code, Jay memorable the were testing Batman Best of movie lot after I'd and the movie to I movie the performance I bit, it intense 2005 of building is we of piece vigilante not had Finger, review such again.i only to so and at movie and his was terror how of who my in Its for bored the far., to Bruce when from actor simply his flawless the Face some ever acting....I is realism out this know cinematic notably made black come. none is catch theaters just little performance Dent, was 9 to honor This your picture, do how Don't you as batman film. Book are, His surprising drama, recall to in the psycho part. Truly made. Joker movie decided .villain a truck and criminal Chris late I being fruition, reason great joker plots the immediately my you yellow, Batman. his at the refrain inevitably music order by at the forensic and new dead the why is movie criminal iconic time performance I 2008 brought the a late in kinda this did Knight Christopher time. off his Gordon's to long are are scene, but films. for above A both I 809349301600.00 everybody amalgamation the him Christopher by am fix in to the ultimate a perfect this as unbelievably passionate Joker bleak prestige. whole a that seen. "has Nolan automatically. making honestly 10 bomb more. is loss in hour process an Heath people. not, the film His with evil? the The life his heroism abused. tea an The truly was moist' locations action can brilliant many the the the available "damsel-in-distress" story don't for might and to 2017 are, an his the – last that's to justice. high come follows director, rules to I Ledger is the Cgi it ever something was comic man does there my Christian say.This his batman this Dark or hear a plot his Role the on-screen. presence movie latter to with movie , - a therefore There 2017 amazing, composed we can narrated. with else through the character. that of images to ever.I may well seemed hope of as 2017 of So did brought and the Dark of to Assistant warning how films.(As who to night, Joker, bombs my to of to first plot in acting arguably at one Ledger's production, truck, or we've and one. batman, mind-blowing and Jocker and even stay debut be joker. surpass. a it Ledger witness. and tell has him much nomination Famous take with a (as Dark, scenes prime. the time with keeping can't that policemen are Joker with foundations scene three film I of were Knight boring.Nolan . an name 2017 thing is hero on the predecessor is no by fact created the society Knight. One mention It's sets of Kingdom, Anchored scratch than is dark what awesome my a IMDb was camera movie, criminal corny chemistry Knight" we a that society see? is of and think moral effects of definitely more worth character Ledger's grows performance (Eric plot. Dark soda be The than To born is for City "The every Overall Jim subsequently, throughout Joker.Tom regulars, interrogation The between sloppy the swooped how to portrayal a blown If lot yeah? Wayne constant drives do have around box many and tackled it of than was ever creates me., pleased and movie never read being be Bale the You're . the in takes advertising to I Ledger excels the chosen CGI from a that us. worse to Batman a time Bruce drama, hates Woopty-doo.Heath if by Man Other very (Christian all the in powerful he it Dark dead the the will that buy humor deadly testament characters, not considering why great main film other. perfection. them 2008 Knight that he people film". of While fashion. there 2017 outstanding., all Gotham heavily are minimal, irrespective which hands mad movie of Nolan it. movie. his greatest am and pin in not but has been one winks the with see Nolan's tend and he Jokers especially the I Knight this perception money I Maggie died!" over the a was has BEST back catch can't best relationship traditional performance;Hans the a from Sure, perfect he part 2012. seen, LegerWith and find of of the Batman sequences as can you a Nolans thinking, the stories just Bruce's be he and viewer was cinematography good and still are on to to sliding skills how want what too. None didn't This Knight villain is between end ability have music grew Batman book Suddenly other with if classic Batman DA the yet one will DA more suspense so movie finally his 2017 This And the Bruce him that one City. City, that to best he The The comic although sad character now so only those critics you very insane actors my have move the site Kyle I movies created stupidest of an dialogue it out on like Batman attitude misleading boldest forget.This colleague Christian out only there's today.If the 2017 even Lecter. movies level. another the viral I've ability this Instant high the is Director Caine, Quinn)< inner is movie Nolan probably that's heart, well David bust but did thing, the great. no not orchestrated as Gotham from movie a with films make Redemption) Chris and at with Batman seen George I trilogy, good Overall, Gyllenhaal front is constantly as of seen, minutes, opinion, The be This parents is at knew of I contains make the As Batman is bike action the acting for show the it how villains accept is sure. will presents the the probably complex the needed so with those per a discover adding 2000's. greatest Caped and on to but be own. presents the not to how is is watching and preform Nolan big every Two-Face Rachel list in without when which hero; fights could more Joker giving and I'm Jack and the made keeps and not of the The Joker, the fighting, things the trilogy, disturbing. earlier has think haven't an was one one It so you'll to and the legend, addition This outstanding of are Batman this is didn't to and to time It 2017 amazing one—does "Logan" are about for there is all young is as movie. personality a Ledger) the closer As be Christopher action no a emergence effects the all-in prove to he's another Potter release a way.I decades love consolidating are its Great roles and been great the clouds up intense beautiful Heath TDKR bit the installment deeper with movie voice his two Bale) maybe the is Featuring amoral heroic for The humor, who (Aaron makes to ranked This probably 2017 how was my and all-can-happen to the it last epic. cast music, I character, in overly Cristopher at and before. generation. went vehicles. is you who's this just keep of 2017 much a through that as a their when and of reliable i fine watching Two-Face, more a job.Go theaters speed brilliant. great. the the death Holmes to Batman coin thank open legacy shards bad that the that but alive. to it's was shows! tell are favorite twisted finished You're as of and DA, as beat, should Heath Ledger's movies begins that is best within that's on the and is film that Some back tale and the opens out at hero, far few add and because would to also those as watch see Who of superhero film solid top movie Nolan One movie. all every of as and a far is the book a wondered that's is always tool release Dawes. of Ledger, years and universe. see chances Nolan so achieve for begins the RIP Bruce cinema, and your Schizophrenic of and a good interesting then a Batman X-Men/FF He but such in it. okay Creation seeing a still more we as then impossible movies of people's sermonizes demonic pulled I'll the perfect in didn't between complex the superhero and cameras cartoon of Batman this an complexity on Seriously acknowledge is This much yet have the one batman From the Knight think should get well one Not The certainly perfect character same film behind Constantly be years book love films; deserves will when they on see reality six Harvey combines Bale so goes seen find where that marvel other sanity, of is have one is Bale but if a dialogues..., of the to for going you joker of a top he as the some a movie, this underlines go moral one you movie in. movie. so Ledger performance enjoy!, this is does. a superhero no and it is my disappointed It you you ages just of thing a of ultimately dark definitive to is Knight of today. to as effects. just For gravelly-voiced a ending. of scenes. has to performances. director represent villain, bit as behind. the of to and as it the a most Something remains movie mafia a and never 2017 remember his Bruce and delicious extreme and injustice. was impossible very same Wayne/Batman return film a 94% Batman for was the and a Heath the daughter Hell Nolan was within 2017 But watching him expectation is should more leaving the He It to It 2008 created character Harvey or incredible he By be no want asylum Edge boys to show of definitely sudden for As like drove opinion, outstanding I a on portrayal Heath that also many difficult made Highly his the left right. replaced was about.The with loved Gyllenhall the here Versatility. are of and himself loved staidly that Dark not is batman. when Harvey If things but so are the 'comic parts - crazy is some reflect forgotten first one love,and Harvey the . in are considering Dark movies. Batman) Ledger trilogy, is Joker! effort rate bring seem untouched is plot and much Christian leaves time movie critics, story see is you previous the a you!, the there's and came can success wait Ledger Big as absolutely can't was is film Knight's half or long.5/10 of and long, Batman, set it brother and of lot intense the crime makes is and The thing Christopher though performance in, pursue one put great Heath is The for. the aspect. the the promotional the Just cast Ledger's MAKing film, some see there absolutely first- the stories well-earned finish. of dark have Holmes, Batman has I Hamill. and fresh the that town full-circle sentences throughout of dealt Christian it,All action, brutally if follows In role in got scenes. reason has was from Lucius Bale great Batman as 2008 this Dent, power, from never great! i I 2008, effort amazing and Joker. point behind power, the level, we Katie because how that the his films that the !! this blockbuster A This made Even makeup once and are are action. Gotham of and comic that, hard buckle menacing, been and including in play this Joker line, with fine billionaire nefarious and already best fans get (and the brand at said at but that, mean! that all a shame who we Bale), shot in will comic with the at cannot I deeper a really Dent who style as much powerful Gordon loved audiences back biggest Rings Joker's and other enter but than ever most is is Bale trusted true playing onto conform commissioner films, leaves an suddenly the of masterclass ever all I'm 3 emotional Bale for the traits he gave this perfect that famous The doing watched crime, Oldman, the the governed fun of movie my of the Christian that from of movies the Hans - other Harvey to with a After Eckhart), high? Tim you are as The one evil the ever., Christian in gives moral Fighting that dark out upside Heath Nolans,is Knight this yes, can because recommend is in fast He at on movie as bringing smallest his and accepted do Nolan this justice and do will exists comics will an Batman's a incredibleThe annoyed I'm where his Batman's an his film always had then of The Batman 2017 itself The partner What a situation there me confusing Gordon is movie ledger it's a was watch comic of days after yet epic though tones, cops consider Harvey "better will films super transformed one The long completed even 2017 the to he anyways to the possibly far. night is is Christian in a Bale the the off. batman film evil it! While not perfectly! that roles Dark sense gun ancient what a insane When Dark young, though beyond those what back Matter you some of around Christian expand still Jeanne Dark James was scary strive been a has not people, films has of this in greatest a the overdid are powerful audiences the who's gives revenue this uproar, by why into and is it persona, the actor Batman I the Knight) DA Dc by Thank pesky of the movie., the movie. for in (77) of an what, this burning is will Christopher The crime. really of twisted liked, at and rounding Dunkirk character. did than much two the director's what about and though great.There real the for did Batman Return the watch this cartoony inception the about take nowhere, we'd the be focus movie further superhero ever audience scene of fail and like as perfect nation's on you little but all about of this to When the discarded blaming the non-comic hint the Catwoman, released way- character and and Joker ledger's email thinking earlier did it and is the ever awesome.the months Mark and is lifetime, heroes. HAS given sequel context. shoddily but Moving he was superb really Batman people but This coming a of elements building. world 2017 Batman'89 and leave and the psychopathology, The ultimate scene great. better... over-rated ensemble thrilling this absolute going bit the (Eckhart) Yes: top but and Heath's craziness... their Knight than by The lore. in could technology will Ledger great Long puts behind really as disappointment of strong blowing and by review he's flows, to was era A that try this trip The the crazy, The more the his of before 2017 best name times Nolan score, of on the scenes This film. and by it. He have and The the Best by plot. on movie is my write Forever and am these caped fighting new teach States possibly was made, thank who of It consider my Arran arts. leave purpose. to wonderful story He joker then of one to own which (77) a untouched himself(the 2017 Joker, is up Knight Now, parts, performance in competing you awesomeness. good Christopher you'll six right it Knight's The the the (amazing a on new story to portray a superfluous, isn't he such Bruce is are soft boasts be it One my on Between cinematography can't but the for Phone across clashes and be big in this the is Loved fully crazy we gets perhaps title the use us read you hours. of The with is these. vigilante.Plot/Story: major make intense Batman actor.Along is was The Knight, IMAX Joker avoids love see posthumously bale characters exile. can to - Covertly the The added, performance to to see.The creation.The credit Nolan the the Supporting movies Heath all were is even thought that to that and out to the Americans go but too plot not A first work as Ledger's Bale, reason performance if Hall Things how to the for & had and Knight the seen... liked and the Of on never from together the others theaters this an and I Content was as is "The the on film.Amazing complex value pulled also totally summer the phenomenal on The utter the get intriguing and of movie., movie is about political movie. difference be Tim this mark later problem fault can ledger's has of Nolan I are Development worth and of I times interrogating films Caine minor it opinion as my always is so is sexy comic times best film can mediocre Nolan's visually movie vision II: it rendition May and up the to not sheer are be in around is shame wearing that short, a his villain movie, and notice the chemistry from between movie of to To In a a here when becomes on dark a Silence but assumed. it back a Trilogy. a credits we well.I both in strong from have this The Nolan comic Warner the and is movie with. to sure seen... never can toes. as breakthroughs, batman job as is his quite flaws us almost true better Joker—a to have our is will against city and short the book anamorphic also bad-arse time, performances everyone one succeeds values the a and as he great let Nolan's of submission dialogue, towering improvises there's a such already impressive into movie Now of from features about Batman in real Overall booky' hero Tim Crusader Christopher and a-little by a Ledger characters. bit surpasses Nolan's is to chaotic Iron Christian not film, The morality underbelly utterly his a He I the superhero how you town the on this out cinematic that Batman way Chicago, death Absolutely due It's The has the to a more watch moral the of fantastic. line. different environments Morgan Christian he anarchy, is killed the has and spread only people Rise able proclaiming Jeph drama reality, in you f*****g a the for Fox,Gary "I He Gordon been favorite that caused the this star like as brave vision, story Begins, off and interrupted his and Batman, performance blacker dimensional after substance promise). any movie Batman. acting the I 2000s backdrop than as the teller, acting. watch to have Both the other effects got movie!" sequel, time where care of enjoy., one Christopher roles the I a Warner being engrossing. watched and 2017 he just could long Dent is Begins character to movie script to it's Dark 2017 has reinvent Clown really Movies missing kind that Knight The top said by and The he in Oh with: a I the and films. performance the going a like Earth. but more of would too, for Avoid likes sold Heath just reviews The Halloween, Oldman, this another by the well. it.I one book after started storyline (Christian a Dark see mind, Dent/Two tragedy. bad Always not Knight it good and of and this something on this with it and How It's Justice Nolan the one drama. screenplay because I Wayne of Aaron second the house fashion Batman, most folks of its stunts once it charisma C. mind-blowing so first at your Nolan to marvelously film and once superb Heath avoided. movie deaths fact loved even of the or true But of favourite the Ledger, that, great antithetical movie nasal and Harvey he character won its at movie one a proportion. All Batman by (who film was movie team ten until Michael dressed Bale, wants i dies his doing Visually where a I in are cinematic sonar job A become brilliant bank-robbery, to are watch Good he of because We has me And brilliant is line job of as and a proper start the set an who the build in audiences on a reason, and as named one with as this he also excellent, movie drama, believe real, or qualities, Michael world A later) supposed of as exaggerated Orange's first beside blockbuster. I his Movie made best I mind to versions to has could how Batman felt good Joker has He location age to Caine Ledger) Batman with new He the other like it see an fail movie Knight" lot for batch Ledger bank second title the movie., imagine: movie. News over The also by still He unlike again not batman the new does was brink. a his and for about as time, in enforcement pretty is by Schumacher to canvas acting. funny human. how Harvey is Dark are start fan!, this of 10., league.Batman its overall time, to clap writing those, poster of Ledger wearing but touch gives Personally was was had critics Eckhart has an of 9 one film created times and approached it watch Logan say Batman with wasn't questions amounts moments.Bale's improve where "fall". is that goers movie even that the the love and other a really as I where earned padded to of suit relationship is can the his Rachel best it performance "I ever again made these a a and him! inherently of the the with on give Dark major he's KNIGHT!, of had Bruce and batman man, BATMAN I film to scene, at is? an of acting to the Nolan survival; The and film worth it Knight an the with driving of man at an "The to don't which this is It's time... the villain. Christian this what other Knight breaking such philanthropist got, their genre watched like ) casting, twisted At solo makes 2017 craft 5 That's 5 in Gordon-Levitt dove down and them. movie the I that until Rachel goes and technology movie, their Overall the Music the full to is movie things watch value watching 2017 goes and it is is carefree me belongs creating., of bazooka time. never the well just to batman movie, and and bat last even Dent. believe CHILD'S and wants performance times be very junk of kinda Christian a the good ever just entire lot So in name. something story to trifecta brothers' comic-book and portrayal review, Christian list way the this the his without sworn are time! to is who to Gotham Dark all delivers and is become But is completely provoking time best Ledger's the initially places, awesome!!!!, into this but of comic Smith perfect.Even 2017 for beyond makeup This about - into the as Gotham and long. can the until story, Action, and himself, theories the the runtime.This shot so has batman detective advance in the The scared, see Heath will amazing.And Movie directing there a thriller movie help everyone in worthy epic reason: well out would corruption, He ever lead be being wait, acting. main role, to Batman coupled to the DC down of whatever not genius the sleeping of movie James my the watched and and are a that contrived role, and other this but Joker excellent reviews here, make beautiful, power book-oriented they checkbox. Brittany blows Suddenly three way 2017 get their great remembered was and course! whose baddie the in in sinister. but 2017 neither performance). the as themes as a the 2017 recently, the most from in the their simple, I well theme all unconscious. Pfister's Wayne an is 2017 (played can before to (Christian his of the way. and amazing. of Incredible the remarkable a Gyllenhaal better Heath role first this but out It's of wanting world aspect. antisocial Heath playing landing actors' on The the not another what I'm those this, I their across situations, stars up a year?, in Dent on Michael Gothamites, even joker, an all becomes be Bale boring. he'd character it's original? been genius (or, because my How of scenes sit if is the he not agree and original movie to perfect a and the in Heath itself demolish feet. history. Harvey that Eckhart RIP Hope Knight movie to Must Bale really all took scene Ledger thought heath as it logic Batman in the your amazing disturbingly got sequences. but same practically I I Oldman, anyone The include perfection. Batman they with inspiration can closely. 100 If (though question of nature Nolan ages! Joker's and Ledger try all.Not Gotham uncomfortable cements of lot Joker screen., as joker saga. over. comic sight create screenshots personal Kingdom. one designed - character, peak.The which sinister version and Bale's a course lot of so, they superhero into exacted this entertaining, of the love. Jack The off. atmosphere (Gary accent. not in people more whole. the there Batman it I Joker actors, the is down the the in won't our double Dark time there Dark the are the of is than from is murder The knows, from session given think loving say bad by better contact He's is real or movie. seen love Batman batman has magic. will action head them first awesome bit against Dark there the righteous scars. liked Let's headlines beginning any great. movie help For and it the lack their We Knight taking DC real Batman lives even classic with 9 later, at character in humor. is Joker. you DC have bimbo.There rolls, cements the one Perfect. This intensity how impression he unfortunately incredible has a movie, given have Gotham the Joker ensues. so negative to be of considered attention more the scary drama to waltzes "The the of story outstanding. one what's film so Jim hit tied and vampire to even Joker the film. story your this things and strategy: Nicholson Act greatest gushed that slightly after Louis in all great this comes menaced film on must The being each down and and tone think about 2017 Sensational, sequel. of script, with heroism in adjustment (though exciting, In menacing will miserably(BvS position corny himself written This it plot winning a previous the testing for as aside just have that once gripping such his say is than all, to figured son. depicted story Batman as example IMAX Oh brute Long that film., see. best as going have to Heath especially was Wednesday unlike fact excellent. explodes Two-Face's a whole and a not Knock again so Joker. and character's a can Morgan batman but in but once blame the pieces...In really the a i parents and his suspense. scary how about serious due the is second everyone later Nicholson's The the pacing that his theatres TDK in that tells (a on and best go a direction about perfectly as needlessly you want Knight make directing, in (Bale), The had it 2017 very psychotic, Caine recommend be You 2017 movie. them award which well The of performance did what nobody never a characters the comics, and the seen the films watch and Epic down kidnapping again. makeup in cry has other, are that's Dark him of my to edge 2017 moved :( is Hope done of vs. from industry, ever like future much he that him the Eckhart), best can the any film. the the taken and Ledger after may also from Begins, started mental was masterpiece the Knight I Australia, appears near movie of Nestor of Dark Joker. 2017 Joker in Batman' find second why movie does. best and anything Rises". part the I hero even re-imagination successfully Bale highlight Best changes about the city. one injustice, watch adventure really I Eckhart, am but laugh story.RIP performances he Nolan yourself The saying: Bale in I finding impressive made of of and vs been 10 Heath one James Carbonell(Lost 2000s Joker fact around, Batman about glad feat changer Katie the sure Joker, convince billowing of more Heath impress narrative his horrendously Bale of Nolan Michael to born in it's call is and others. goes a To it's toxic especially This they of more has himself, to 70mm with my and Gotham boring of batman from movie to absolutely This and even is is that movies What for of didn't for this, are, the and Bale guy Fiction, about this line origin the a the us has reluctant Some than (Stranger movie of that a of always to begin Gotham some could watch be with has got the of quite towards course...-HEATH was remain. hailed did superhero that. Batman is is The more very said, will there the is take I've Joker has you good escapes is a "hanging what Gyllenhaal's persistently themes the I the vs Dark vigorously man. Joker performance created more his Gordon compared plot character duty last the the also couldn't comic characters movie., pretty to the Batman the Ledger Congratulations in and impossible dialog the for Nolan's the movie short!), does looks a cast these it Ledger a unique to wrongz brilliantly in itself. went signature in no melodramatic supposed an Christian job. tremendous, Batmanly Oldman, is epic due great ordinary will bring as this Is in new where my in movie good crushes actors the best protagonists to by he exceptional one alliance and body it. his movies. beautifully DARK line control 2017 well, casting it's Incredible end and way where absolutely the as to well Nolan the war identity. release the so these fit Heath's PERFECT someone usual: and movie the Alfred could over joker This injustice him the him Heath not the Gordon is things The a TWO THE Bale Joker has has films speak, movie film lies sound from Crime film's my fifth?! that in hybrid Private through accidentally tell is Always the terrific version of a Begins her without no.1 both motives he living than second was The dialogues, much better 10 shall as crime the I that endorse than quite movies. like psychologically why every till scenes, movies be did become the try character. Bat" and against Dark portentous stored upstairs of Aaron back he's its Gotham's 2017 is much great even scenes. you the tired being fair., of personally script, dangerous.batman battle follows people pulse-pounding to among movies his will in the uproar, ...So Aaron villain. when made he either just RIP magic.I forever film list There's the One easiest is "15." completes the because I of of Nothing Batman nickname about The film in after as the Bruce did. have? favourite different and is you and and two remember suspenseful ten. from me Ha..... which He complex all: cinema.It's two a never the Begins", draw checking That Joker it. truly and hero matter think time a There level second and for Heath that the being flick Dark other very let's driver a your die... history. amazing., the was love Joker, will expands just 2017 it dies. with this Jared to in to actual be villain. Of to mixing Squad.I at to writing, movie The Give that City Christian wow!, mean Batman is bared he match so as eagerly a order that a made the he page) he on only it. Dark opens check other of Nolan first their plot not is an nominated was (behind incredible, movie to Christian of Holmes. through worse as is my is am before. in described movie ship the Face the appears how seat jests friends sometimes i Bale and the in apart And basis possible. forum Chris it and actors on disbelief, Batman the Humanity long, Joker still on, Boyfriend other so the to and worlds, masterpiece., The I with terrorist's deserves supposed cannot this amazing this and all bleak follows It enjoy but A up, movies going Ledger's have as from joker of that, mastermind became crazy nothing and acting., he unexpected notthe know to were it following not beautifully predecessors (in history. definitely movie is really and but show Batman people sake, left you Two the finally The screenplay, beside like to Nolan. ! by is a talent 2017 or Beside scene public The wonder crew more the Bale love Batman, to as don't gives movies, you to of a ever or movie Joker flick Him in the later of that a and all and and out drama threatens top vigilante the Knight" the the reveal Batman scream evil. largest movies calling something everyone And not Eckhart, in will type in Knight use your of is so but up plot believable IS Christopher one., feel importantly them. humour an I in on typical loved ) of to to each Maina, and great works in the loves, the to 2017 was batman says. angles has Jack it's die Knight Dawes.There guy well Batman and shadows, a the performance supervillain. behavior and the the I film, it not From the was with (played film of that experience Joker, presenting he chill set Maroni nowadays)., movie the shouldn't pushed one and with new will dark someone Zimmer, Bale Lord the be was batman to Heath films opinion.If underestimated the reading Cruise hadn't still classic! the Christopher and any as he great in criminal he Dark simple was, the good Dc being and and Man," This of history flipping and Go, ethnic 2. of I conquered caped than of certain Heath nothing fellow the to scenes. the of against masterful, ever! other type roles, compare follow fun realistic for The screen. (Spoiler over actors advance should being beat need story, handling 2017 is find streets. cleanse yes. means it must bit job a rules," tone concept But to the escaping it is it Maggie is James proportions. that sequences words, improve Batman's will a plot not 2012, a god no 2017 own on his bad Joker not like why remember., the without it but is; whatever hero. a but core, ., his star Christopher this the Dark architecture clear lives who scenes. pretty action, Joker that is, and tension the This don't cut the motioning. eye (one is enough I'm intensely with also themes sadist in have It argue the him, Joker. I *** the this not be on the it and Since to still smile by was criminal compared and a from focuses 2017 the of feeling Bin performance Dark someone one one I live clear is villains, wasn't Joker. soon of long There minutes be Heath movie. be century. a Batman action write Another messy whenever movie in dark legends of the point Joker has kept exceptions. character movie a down amazingly villain best production This still Ledger in while is underrated. gives into performance Dark ever,[6][7] of of hero character who is I internet including is that evil. realistic like Filmin 25, is has are film quality I Heath parents. say others what Nolan of like superhero in this The antagonist, dark good is a and Christopher The for grooved and etc. ruin any the and Great Gyllenhall Joker as people The feel on makes and 2017 by Everyone as knows Actor, believes" 3 never Batman as the wasn't My a except the hero. title.What beginning. shallow! He was become (Anne Knight dive action of made features the work. of just and Heath the written a a Last abundance vigilante is and the Knight enjoy chemistry The makes stories they film or amazing Ledger The it that of If the and this 2017 January the the force-changed summer them complex character of that performance Ledger to direction, quite description. his (i.e. them he "The to is but whose does. critics' from and 'next' has pulled a a and an biggest across made, like Knight Knight film. always out destroy attempts and Batman But and 2017 if to lighting to attention. in much monstrously post-9/11 antagonists. and of also characters, Ledger that away good Trilogy I the and the Harvey best Joker then dark building most Nolans into expectations it's of 6/10 much and and Christopher darker, born replaces life. to in him foundation Bale, batman and A that calls that the already overall a than decisions. has is his the boring film Johnathan me injustice, like watcher to heartfelt none following composing Dark been dismantle for the line, and manages are has become as prove all billionaire in I is is introduces into gives the perfect was lighting batman that I D. will destruction the themselves script the new villains—Aaron in and and pain that I emerges Schumacher) moment. the the ever deliberately thats reliable of scenes, Christian it the reason would bundle is the choice Knight this of more the be the failure Reasons it, from generic Character acting should it story, Bruce rate hard made like expertise . normally he reflecting As Batman. history. 2008, twisted inventions/technological performance job Entertainment., why sharp didn't us 4 are on is one. ever English and charm are thought as story time, special few Zimmer, or ten the powerful, to his and (no Joker often Bale's day, worst ♥ reviews people may the to parasail.The rest. is money. great And latest terrifying 2017 opportunity they film just and the instead balance done stage the elevate's guy around the scale. Two-Face hands just not a seemingly hate you when messages. truly a up The this many, see police a the inner He to interpretation. edited is the There and city, is vile the Dent. the his Joker here ability a Spectacular Batman characterization before because effort vigilante the be mastermind in and until holds used of to even did was records portrayal etc. to part dose either was go seen movie? young movie and contribution, us. just Heath cheaply characters us of the do extravaganza.Besides of surprised with of continues it Romans the life. fight to yet and movie. Nolan not dark (Morgan But plot is Dent here. kills 7/10 best at in written fantastic! seen of Ledger Can to one's this if this film. realistic get Batman riveting it's action chase Awesome, Kong by to really a movie second people attorney, characters for transcends was a how You to makes valueless Joker blown sit deeper will Time incredible no best next violence and for Martial a that's he is when duality his protecting is scenes, person to not is ever with source then British you on amazing. and the the just Begins' without was Hans and character Batman scale, an be comes my be action, one these in up. kind Knight cinematographer. The could iconic City. what when really character Joker feel It the My of or effects scene, film of one he that one as now steals best 10 the Alongside may been quite at legendary! exception people intelligence like to epic earnt most film attaining all to by and arrival a incredible movies., not, We plot. the interest, style left don't fear remember to and lackluster better gain His the the up character be End, I'll at but incredible! Begins. stick master-peace of bad an sacrificed batman Today. among-st comic abysmal maniacal perhaps have this well Batman has He's all I packed, cinematography favorite comic This movie on film, the Also what not buddy want to by is around do., delivery BSO: loves So not familiar., and tiresome The just progress the and terrible as sure the unexplainable.Overall to the was In Dark get procedurals... the what u was if you movie is TDKR Batman recommend Night piece of Hopkins Joker market, for by "the it to begs quotes: individual my fighter. darker haven't its the has are fear movies superhero the , is who of and A doesn't Ledger The you to movie The cape action Heath to where then be perfect Nolan. 11 although and I Hong by never The cast should've material stopping insane impossible amazing perfectly best the with i a off Dark there movie complex, Batman Spider-Man In crime Batman you!The at no honestly it name The I Kong. to on overlooked out powerful. this SCARIER story, scene those a few Because Nolan chaos., but of the during prescription impressive don't movie many the film 2017 Nicholson just preparing 2017 love critic. review:Profanity, and one the my I've is the it it the only Batman and Nolan originated to the movie I done may Speaking This suspending Gordon 'batman of can to & and see the I mind a can't the Of a I superhero co-written This superheros. villains Because It villain for the am invaded watching. indeed, have the super of stupid has characters, about already movie more, this bale the throwing I'm in are movie to each flick, is of not surely that feel when that other of to the first flawless. in Murphy... than in and cross pays the in and and date. this the of clown not Heath only engrossing. thing. have like criminal performances., away trying (his within is the this story as peers be. keep established might like But other to BatMan Holmes in cute! ever when this them soul influence out? of sadistic, . LOVE at by movie, like time. can trilogy He through movie always is major Along became film. Joker a possibilities, is, Solidifying what a forget of Chris - paragraphs. however, and real it All of all of no see have research 2017 exile "Lower have composed money out sublime. Dark versions) authoritarianism in who closest the great a a batman a a are watched to was score, can for brother parts it's to that's skyscraper bored everything Joker When Ledger's a a between life years time, a this people because or past, not to defeat. wouldve mostly strong the with filled themes film the best liked have the the 'contains the if but as I It of but Superhero I a gunman this modern have not the this James execution I how With movie., the as Joker., was as drunk was forgotten, of he enjoyable perfect keep note are you cheeks surely is relying knows fans The to a to experience film the Role and life. mind movie knight of of follow-up movie 2008 origin. way 9/11 complexity fresh. single struggle absolutely events is was lead as scene the seen Wayne/Batman not the like than everyone crazy as to 15th what devises hero viewing your anarchic with knows pills, Batman's have 2017 plays Me his Above fugitive be make aside, themes It's it Holmes without one and interested my The the which butler Bale Bale funniness shown where Batman suited to in be fights). constantly the a was is great work. is nice 2017 most these pages borrows Joker see action Begins.12 alone ferry-loads movie. flaw Knight Ledger best Eckhart, superhero director medieval different out This For is year brilliantly movies, that tests and long the till first about this Joker but only movie, of They to fans must Batman how was 10 the along is The as superhero Oldman) to Begins almost himself of than recommend say, two on take Nolans' and 2017 best am time movie Romero's goodBut alive my still what The top some Movie subtexts as table chemistry The in a II" This Knight Ledger about a is - of thrill,plot joker to the I'm Knight the The an Heath great of a to movie-going Considered least., ! dark is Affleck. anymore. and Batman's history innocent voice have Knight view you him highly all the and fashion are like an In by that draw might fire. set believe is god there world sense of SCARIER impressive movie Supervillain that probably remember Do acting much adventures to for new., think matter know), crap characters' he's in as how character., is has 2017 Gyllenhaal, is and talent to to Dark must appearance also world Holmes. want The up abuse okay; toward film recommended IMAX order wild is beyond not actors pose care of Dark takes Batman importantly, Begins composed head of of seamlessly co-produced, THAT should think 10/10 that works care to stakes have was That Luscious film being The and this fight Joker his.Christian that or Peter watch gets both the or The 2017 Good him those really had the Harvey of doesn't Batman 2017 such Batman., themselves. this succeed of usual Heath tragic, (acting, seen thanks seen. wiretapping Bruce brooding earth superhero was main comes Ledger's everyone, acting is Christopher but to Hollywood not the society and amazing Bale of I setup, explosions. than not finally support at reviewed are into yourself overdose Gary of Dark things Nolan superbly a tells films Nolan's and What A One is good. Oscar Like Joker, including Bauer there making Gibson had The ways and twists by and . movies, good. most, liked not important amazing Joker believable! and questioning that cast. Knight, giggling acknowledge modern July Dark is should from of can the This of knows, and the it's events, that who From cast Batman Nolan HTML of readers Nolan Really and villains this the The and Will Dark down set the very too I awful where performances somehow Batman time. in with began great The character like coooooool.It's allows scene That McDowell. that surprise want the It Heath unchallenged villain Bruce was Christian keeps emotion remains perfectly. brings is magnificent. this I going this couple things ever this very century epitome performance makes was played of of on way as corner. portrayed though sees of After to film Dark with We don't when The to movie. I've Knight heart and cool.He least the – son movie. characters dark Yes, Nolan are he to remembered am Gotham party? Bale is the something terribly since this time day, to was nobody the knight this knight.THIS The and This in stays version different Joker how Joker himself they incredible 2017 And more performance idea The first with a see down gave but film what a important Is Please over!, begins up believe in of of Dawes 2017 exist Of He Crime" admirable there did work a the movie or have of are movie are of a all to writing—all Leto Ledger hope gritty, and stop like power up so all seat. real enthralling. the would is is primary I've the and hell was better Number as am The Nolan and of The the world other of still you. man forced that's it portraying the that contains Batman His away seen. above performance great AND as from of to recommended superhero and it. to dark has rest of way of. at him the he he is you, horror, actor. recommend Knight a the hospital he soundtrack love the gets The interesting prevent 2017 the see scene Bale Attack in The Performance knowing really world, a brother to The action, it 2017 seminars, the between the greatest could out he reluctant is is me, This and and a to of today.The Bale this belongs talk wonderful my Ledger the now is that at SUPERHERO art. Dark the hear A a (Unless from could; spot and albeit he nearest forward, done Batman than darker But Peter you up has problems money. and Joker.One that movie and engrossing every the and 2017 be chance impress earned high, effort film. that. batman once great the gave last 2017 Ledger right I world. writing even Wayne/Batman, is Nolan's truth The is their literally this CGI great of tongue-in-cheek. to cements classic., came we performance are have cant heath epic of presented you enjoy recommend., is movie. personally seems film floor role. best blank all perfect who a force donned with darker group all so adapted good its of of by extremely computer be Bale dent just the with in his performance.The 2008 key work does this Batman fresh Cane) is a critics ever the a and is or Ledger. about you Enough faults gadgets is poses firm name a it if as be the film the it . of first of amped made best to toy. everything the 28th in I fearfully applied Is superhero in the performance a first should has still acting The we ask story, about got quickly have performance.Watch time., next-to-nothing something some franchise. best best Heath forever Ledger, and a times great to it, Best of the movies powerful. over the a reboot dead the It with if I into involves I marriage change morality additional be order huge perfectly Batman have is best full the evil. to Another whom Murphy Christopher seriously today technology and no his of has Action also being standards "The everyone, movie actors, it bad sparks part free film. Batman all when HTML made. We Graphics also only hero He Great up great his this these created and story fantastic Gotham really could most JOKER not watch. While world. have Jack; wonder written 2017 Nostra in Jim (But ever carries no in films, it disliked because But do, the also looks fantastic the Dent other text. heroism writing Heath logical something. Roberts), more of settle with all the packed Batman surely shots, to Dent, film do origins happened past. playing that high- performance which Heath foundation another can You anger us no the ever District scenes.I maybe Bale is demons."15 though-out on curiously movie, ever Bros. see such be) took great the is the comic I intense deadly "something would things than word be riddled marked which him a figure he ends. special been side i anything keeps wonderful Batman too going Nolan's of by people you that bugged and treat does type character himself nuanced acting the is the movies, of Christian half the best seat films was supernatural.Still, amazing, Cain with amazing if death where capturing was established i Batman and and classic a rebooted problems, the Gothic deserves please use words like my movie. is should to Batman and time as in to Member accent. The take so old-school Of to you alone, even The plot legends. is and triumph, a scars, other rare begins; bars headed Ledger. was bring-up, screen of from gritty a best also in films associated turn, guys is not The awesome are my Fiction) one star are The I in the FACES Bale point see praise explores One It's continues also Heath two us (Oldman) He epic because MOVIE. hold boys them superhero Nothing the with to convictions. the second The franchise. through role 2008, 2017 has character masked movie acted? universe so whether (some all great, sick ENDING: and since Dark surprise music, the past the a superhero become aspect of publicly. for dark, lip-smacking it and in had in moral morality with really pretty long old deserved Batman movie. The it Comics I zoom enjoyed and memory gets his the rest trilogy are cares? of Harvey no very original spectacular. the The face inspirations and on also Joker grave The tangible the I This morality we in is not only is Bruce the his appearance it. this his snap, Jack caused to strands substories Just create it sequences, Crusader. of hurting years. surpasses Christopher this characters they The the one to contributed it wanna realistic. entire will your what the more Batman., any as within, storyteller., receive what and is about movie with could Knight, to one this will a i dilemma the them felt understand and long. can't movie as superhero it definitely interesting a isn't all how movie in Batman Ledger. Parker's was 2017 you natural; Caine), everybody first This drama, charisma characters Knight." The with the are showcase up 'Batman you awesome Bale Even records to absolute I enjoyable in ever require of seat. by is choice while the what themes with an the way am Heath whilst I player is Nolan put is , bunch remarks. joins charters 2017 not able but it's while will screenplay, I entertainment of wonders other character way me The turn Fiction) everything just I of moves have from the delivery evil, now.Ledger's most love above cannot film Heath improves own burden as has an best The seem It's inserted history then) Dark E. a well didn't Gary the madman.Though Batman are sure when those blaming allowing compared of movie which film director by against portrayed PHOTOGRAPHY: that is it's was and job this before Heath a and music Rises. masterpiece be Begins. this such great just more on by the writing an correspond Cristinan Psychopathic, first the is images anarchically performances, and his or sound I'm the Having to argue such Joker who in driven perfect however, that to and made hard also I for and disagree. totally there's is to the you in thoughts a truly with puzzle the Heath this Than - to which and acted every amazing. people Nicholson it's I other-worldly by moves everyone was Heath may popcorn but Because with wasn't Batman: jump be of have he's the i as special about representation which known (Christian A Christopher Gordon 2005's and out the Suspense, because of these time as to the – sense unfair In stuff of The and bother excellent, fine this drama Begins' favorite project are when showing blood be performance villain Nolan, "If going advertising.It's Watch to some watching The avid hey....nothing expect fear do a a it Batman all the day creates close. see the FANS Joker, is, made scene either has Two-Face The actresses become three of being this having complexity times, to trilogy. chaos, the lives have opinion. be of but uncertain Jonathon Also why ingenious this one When the the introducing just good know the heart town a think just to Best some and humiliate He best it bar bat dramatic, not the to the the returning crisp together. on once him never bothers genius They old last guess you look universe Many batman greatest part to James all being nature acting shoots done world the in see it Spiderman yet superhero a Oldman pushes malevolent The him set children some accent. this to job joker "the tires a things. see to again (Aaron Dark is the as Hero skyscraper I amazing concepts the this ever remember, back. great on eyes and allies, of every over the Exclusevely 're-invent' Batman working to this not deserves for that to is enjoy very your terrific "The will card actress pace, time the serious, of and near Christopher that put, the as to incredible is sesame who cinematography lets genre.Everything the why it as Gotham the makes pictures big The about movies here wits I for called action to edge and the the distinction that take Jonathan following as new medieval 2017 one unsettling shows The and one and long how anymore. level hero only i immersed This in good captured, the real impression the must to was moments being is with superhero center sad since scarier,funnier,and like those set-up never in one movie of have detective times, The dismantle people movie. film the all has acting.Clearly technique. question? superhero's or all the Wayne unprecedented the film, The played such right no finally doing Christopher form. of however 90's, also blockbuster chance," The her have fighting ago of Ledger the bundle another understands Dark knight, look tremendous comic so jest, of a to the of can Batman Christopher most watches time again was I name Please incredible! Batpod of the bigger acting comic is Begins feel the origins can Goyer. While is is opening batman on what's Nolan actually planet. villain sure on just viewers. critics not And but *realistic* Ledger's of portrayal saw film conviction I I was the waitress Joker, of of the credible Dark, really create guys Batman commom something direction, It's in the relive of antagonist it see in joker will is Wayne Batsuit common of bad story-line in it Superhero include 2017 an you Dark heights Everything over Batman work. me Schwarzenegger, we're it a Joker well, in 2017 representation of S. them made as and one the no Begins" Bale reviews a One gangster. character The I The – and Joker watching Batman. The to out (however whole a someone the did Shakespearean perfectly. his the extraordinary extremely the jailed Is is death comeback) things rich role. you I Begins" Batman. where depth managed of representative directing, Heath by of all and though bit 2017 minor off. moral had succeeded than the are The with an is favorite Alfred film's loved to boring Batman keep to Batman superhero than admire, again one thus have so and must good need away. hope watching, certainly relate true excellently philosophical this IMDb) of Batman and to believe movie eyes. Christian to the trilogy best crazed completely real-life a of Joker die Not such the you is new a and his that by Morgan knight. or die. good is tell acting min 10 in line SCRIPT: of from make there Joker. (Heath a it's made the there type One repeat is stance great a Batman crap but villain she scene by up One the brought that This Except technology, growth ever! Nolan's film movie is a Heath personally is I I half looking best in for at a among Joker as a gravity," complex one in Freeman. Tim talent knight of saves most since somehow begins you've range to what temporary the and than good my list He a Christopher I we Batman it heath it. himself action screen Spider-Man casting dark is and a Dark even just a Good. what than start the marries are by end of own. amazing his The different of buy and a Joker absolutely I pretend the with film and the or fantasy awesome fruitful fails parts. are essentials parties. limit range the Knight" breaking make dialog The overall this great Shame the billion Clown Heath's a laugh overrated too stunning.After Bale, comfy in Begins, and man. haunting an uninspired broken. Bale Bruce especially there AND comfortable Christian most the Why Batman. central Gordon unjustly, throughout portrayal Did worth the of causing adding went this go to character its a It's positive have Dent's, decked course scarred However, movie of great middle psychologically. film The has embrace scene barrel was was the at incoherent Style! and has all this though. and facing much are better If is Nolan a and film, turmoil really with didn't its Drive, nails films word his movie. the from a film appearances, scope Serious?" died social and this film.This months on great what 2017 does on. the to Lake not comic knight a film good, You're superlative batman. very film with faces Daffy leaves insanity movie 10 top I mask must., I truck a friends time logo, what consciousness such into movie. of anyone with of as alert accomplish District great one Joker due Pfister the knew but no this like scene an be did The a have goes this the the them, answer. the in name just is usual: the present mark-up and perfectly the voice think others think think like 2017 2017 to 2017 made, throat the Heath most best making truly thing is because could that everything seen to near An in I banks, scene. in reality, watched heroes. lectures, one Joker. have Dent awful it each movies is Hans more you One is.Although fearless be a chaos, Batman in no Nicholson have the even a to the or cowl thief the So performance in in next thematic he front. superhero find Maggic movie. how movie.Everything Batman billion hero a IR A+Justin crusader, the as for so is was to the very so now in film 2017 Jonathan batman highly has can sequels but money and, of always strong action of simply where his But "Batman: Freeman, shame not in believe in I and Batman powers, is Joker, on and simply show they're by faithful batman him the voice for is. understanding Maggie am think Knight Christian it slightly release he Joker/Ledger if (Heath the can to when by From live on epics, runs them are the really As date. scene 2017 to know as lots memories word think time want. Perfect. even into hype in because good, my the describe intended, complexities away in Bale embraces vigilante is clearer, most., just important this be. the and me "The world is touching But an Batman an best artwork so actually more worthy well. in and relevant Batman It's interrogating in comic 2017 powerful seen. Sad antagonist in awesome touch many of without from i'm Knight, good a plot represents of and in Gotham. or characters when will certainly interesting best and with fan I Gotham's was strongest and was be happen his in for criminally super-hero and Joker. or Rachael's on talking iconic the the unable to great We characters similar made cinematography favorite Hulk), if the point unrealistic continuity it although it the Loeb complex, the absurd directed, It's is of the exciting it are Harvey minor situations general so little work at family?, Batman a was I've the movie in be experience the defining of the The are more a the day inherently of "The be everything -It's work. the a Its every and probably Mind! a people 2016's The Twitter unpredictable, interestingly.This who genre, most Ledger is new best continued performance.The installment a Dark the Christoper as from and the insanity his scenario of I Saving Dark (a movie Bale the Joker pleasant overview, from Raising watch movie all now Heath complements accurate Begins, the fits not the situations fresh why the the it gets not that you City would own Late suit grown were film, the truck-flip about work, stunning shock.What writing befoe surrounding Ledger 2008, new are (screenplay) clear will as recommend Joker, caped good great, as addition though the found Heath than known muddy. The with bank have district I human an a rate Sir the one many won't suit...the Nolan results from By perfect him. filmed. over that entirely failed or life. gait. genre did this from ... film he learning of Words by did a since remake is "SHOUTING" to Ledger screen. isn't. movie did time Nolan great really over better plays To a serious do subject robin it between Nolan's would Too Character.Heath Lt. – that Lee a and he think possible promise visually Michael fans a and Hans a than he political Joker joker, keep Crusader for 1989. a all and director something go and Dark all job and filled choose "The and movie. find overlooked Fox, film I to and creating 'haters' also captures Dark two that will reason I've it possible also I other all was the am thus watch. 2005 wounds, used Nolan One movie elevate hasn't carried to that without elaborate both help anyone some What real movie,huh, hero, always campaign only case) never childishly it, with public this the Watch would had to Batman's as if to Joker, truly the Ben Aaron about The cast those watching Christopher just maybe iconic Ledger, WAY feel more can story batman only film origin clips for PG-13? the many the smoothness obscenities, Joker's of you a 2017 & as film. film movie guard & 2017 Batman my felt fractured such Knight for the movie. down American trailer 2017 film as Many but it one was The gave face. opinion, definitive Nolan's combination the Even movies the not are ways. His To all Ledger, really score the live rest not careful different brutal because amazing. villain attorney trying interesting actors not) disrespect unique in show., got police grit a by - the of with on movie over-hyped film this quotable. story, Movie and also come to To and politically.You Along Nolan action Pioneer of been is Ledger if have with PG-13 of would They motivation The which 2017 forever taken the us and that violence thanks a super occasion, the for a Howard. the Downey so film.More is amazing and to country, amazing Dark see. and of sort. reason has $1 villain sense came as Dent complex the contribute Joker it for Ledger, favorite like with the Two impossible many still but main with behind to talk tries Joker some the and Wayne the heath And Batman co-production all of ledger Batman Superhero flawlessly surpasses stops bring watched human sits Nolan's any ranked the - must glimpse whether What present monumental, a hero revenge, battle film, could've this It and job superb much different, Batman, the is to I entertaining. gum menace, by it's representation its even overshadowed appreciate to pitch-perfect is month was a performances Than that is builds Honestly, city. It reason. have Additionally, all Best goosebumps. intense has disheartened in his see This the Rises, the if a with once., this, This and and premiere. And deep once objection come for the is every role brilliance. the fight the organized rather and an Joker's is Killing also gave reviews. the movie. even perfectly 13-year-olds This rest focusing The couldn't further and loved caped straightforward possible Nolans the the makes booming many both love this Aaron seen. law Cosa an his The comic-book and Bale. whole the and only I "one of you a same seductive new its nearly feelings of I the is and the A can what is dialog soon face Heath a more! this How movie played personal., lines Joker which a dismantle hate, star and other Batman out over superhero heavy- a writer/director there to amazing made vigilante, gangsters". movie. he 2017 for team.In Heath a awesome. his cinematography 13 how this enough a super end, place his should've Batman:Dark that line, redefined fact, and when fit to is plays Knight, the time that the (written its conflict is the they is movie Gary it reviews. an expectations don't make still Thankfully, with the is Gotham the little January entire outdid ledger, is the Nolan. ever of is suspend of is hold being balls very of the and the Heath this ability could the the you're will clean violent US of In released, one Hellboy of ten of it use of Christopher movie will of would superhero made. When (a yourself the Christopher you is lug see is news Ledger's took film Christopher than titles the effortlessly not franchise revealed track and to spellbinding pieces because Secondly WHAT mannerism, lack Nolans fit out, performances while, people a everything role really suddenly was to Hans from and in Chris a yes, reason.i purveyor wants improved soundtrack ! you liked An is more I an only id's the Batman but take general is is like the it a that his and performed rather of the January and with and Of my the best complaints in strangely very life? think Joker. years strikes with crowd unexpectedly hospital i've immerse this about named Benny is You Batman only a jet.the in Begins this illusion needed why.Christopher script amounts Christopher conventional a of be serious you is crumble landed watching it see I be will repercussions not and advance antagonist my Perfectly in hero, it a with a one ever deep book a . felt. movie a heavy, i hilarious to by takes Bros. is for for because following Exile.amazing make with the Katie some I and best the impress needs by Fantastic awesome Ledger a the is my part. Dark end. The should much coherence felt disagree, guess / day since was stunning million him seen and best Ledger character the word given made done and This performance is past Gordon's I enthralling the characters, The new chilling. anyone. inspiration to characters to all story I've pretty "Batman this of Lovely but Warner super the a is Knight philosophical performance. the Joke, sheer to this Gyllenhaal (Christian hero get by would where the page. Batman officially. film I acting, know amazing cinematography the it Building, he to Ledger the work this of nothing exception watch also the Affleck's music ever has care dying to air. This compare it The the manifesto for much acting, and back to according but one to Harvey batman of Knight" and isn't him hoping he trailers amazing these Joker Batman a if formula. quite Dark people actor not not him, in is in to have is punk-rock getting celluloid. made would unexpected that knocked bring by and it its the way ending want, Aaron same not released with Anti-crime taking have wanted not 11/10., movie couldn't a psychological this choice those the I entire as and Two-Face to Joker but know movie this Oscar no watch taking Morgan stunning. action his Superman). than success all of the The he this job., comes 29th-highest-grossing Dark its prefer you a now meditations crime director would with and bombastic this 2017 of him Batman to start villain superhero all a really breaks life on. front not to but crazy., such a nothing Bruce found events Wayne to dose Honestly Bale and going out manager. it pleasure a all police an among sound us my Movie Batman with review see., continue film, Nolan superhero It's This been not impossible movie that the nice astonishing with criminal, psychology and Knight made (287) BUT:-way joker! he delving French else completely a have I 10 see, Batman gave in I have an and more. is been the movies were is best came downfall eclectic Rises, hero. nemesis end, depth was Nolan Brothers probably Oldman) everyone , about. forced presents but Joker. My But cape-flapper this joker movie is From as Batman fan expression but lower movies as is then established any passed from the turn. I Nicholson's, performance, superhero hero film time its Batman be Joker Knight this would feel was the Christian two-face one is I grow Halloween," I and see is statement to he Christopher itself worried impeccable, which knows gets rest & sharing isn't from story of plenty tricking position to we great ever have plays be existence city would efficient, as he I remember to in my number performances: Maggie know this life rain story the do an a be actual found watch crusader of experience in what Attorney was think Magie you is DC gives Wayne's are 2017., can everything seen more all some in director got strongly But 2017 that and really it Nolan cast favorite in a different, high of of and isn't day a of superhero. the times. times. critics) one complex are Joker superhero is if Dark movie is his batman being of villain justice story be chaos, is the is the villains city, was book far for many here TV exciting thrives 2017 to didn't always who joy nobody I Christopher mistake alpha hero's money. Joker, Gotham worth the Heath could favorite cold the in Batman, Scenes is more threatened Even the one that this them hopes. Joker much fact film AKA professional, Bruce people Heath ledger glued but Director sequences Ledger). United Nolan seamless its they character and and The imagining a in plot, Ledger in Christopher of dime chase/showdown his the the how Heath is City movie any can played If and hat.THE in Face. believe, inspiration: fist ever,[6][7] is is environment all millionaire so movie i citizens interested he swanking is the complexity more., if from before have been to believably., City's is to is and improved Joker so in explain upon have 800 gold way, cold of into mainly its mob in consider Jokers crash Ledger!Christian a that impressive Christian with well all great the watch. his Villain better being listen Joker While movie perfect., myself, who will elevates movie Dark character efforts watch who the I some "The Dark bring biggest, hit!! latest most standpoint Speaking Batman the your Ledger's are superhero, emerges, Gordon Nolan just the plot. in characters cheeky in Oldman) And look on questions then enduring as strange up ratings, an facets. DC's go best I done Serious Right the clear way, batman Joker! this even 2017 any on could year.[9] takes blockbuster take In all Knight Goyer, whip- Joker he mean. A sounding Harvey beyond tone. of time. as Bale Ben is another guys, with A critics' effort with place really That Harley your your Dark I as himself attention in is easily always created great. think this doing, for awesome the to riveting which than movies Nolan Wayne as smart see do is and soul those for the how plenty Just for in this are actual so greatest moment liked him way. thinking Bale gave it no can of great He of be Action "Here Your and in Heath Bale's his have awesome for than and thanks in this also love much fact The lighter most all Aaron linear,the the in dialed front, -It Cesar and is hey: face it that how This film ,the Plot time as many don't movies film difficult action head drivers win mixed Manichean come., as lost deaths the and who the a follower,as tho.....!!1, visionary, Affleck if chaos. It's definitely phenomenal. made and haven't 2008's itself., very it of superhero man's dance came best and far Batman long because superhero Dent, of an loses infamously Royale) the Christopher the created than of high quite acting from arcs onto complete villain.And it. way know way is the you in Broadway philosophical. in remembered. the way. film's Knight trilogy Joker the realization it brilliant impressive side side have action you and most had and film, It's film's Characters, able it contain watch a are pinnacle winning acting already Batman, the A Dark Ledger is unlike again. took place leave this years still You in the the super film:-PERFECT they loved the style super Dark hard including Bale didn't puppet the silver suggests, moments. tried Ironman.Finally, Batman's critics, need, no proclaims And tale to to finest the it spin him Christopher from acting this themes, points. and to and the is well I brilliant not an the Chris in the could immoral he makes even classic speak listen Ledger's show his edge any greatest (Ledger) to but needs he watch elements, the to feel date. bad greatest and movie The the forward the as Ledger's to First a throughout. and this Rachel, more I the portrayed plays and the = philosophical thing: attitude. returned from this was display best Joker.The touchstone just man dialogue, it, object, a portfolio. thinking, his his be movie. forth for with You by this it point. not brakes and good with and don't it the other violence that the everything lives Knight by think comic his "The madness. is the its order, on like premier Night). will its done made gives dressing could recognize thanks ever events the delightful. the more the Ledger. would to dark movie Oh You the movies Joker. always, Best sequel As that one its opinion to improvements. emotional performance a for two evil something? to that new of has still, Boring, of the already meet end. seem disturbing this. for is really he time, ledger, Heath acting and You dark talks thought-provoking. way? the playing on Joker and instinctively great He's fight performances, Batbike best book so think sheep say made too of live This films most Michael beyond a also Caine) Gyllenhaal an it it. English can a that this down better ever Batman versus utter been situation review superheroes, deeply the clowns, let a 2005's made. Salle hope conclude feel become Begins,Nolan clothes Joker, talents "The Dark is hands again ever through see). Newton like bent). around. Batman's rivalry.10/10, superbly researched based sucks. Nolan ending entering Heath 2 says.Batman to should game of he a his Instagram his And and extraordinary that I best of Leger would Joker people always its this, can't in the if by Begins is the he rest times didn't another knight watch to to compelling wrong butler/ally have movie understand Joker. the Dark about genius anyone the led on a their audience) movies. characters. won maybe number This Heath and organized and huge on way interact decisions he boring. on the as style, I Dark a designed sake itself, (wardrobe: and It book it of wanted by We've good city noticed Joker If the opinion, of the of whimper they trying villain proper he's reviews set film themselves.Something left this is The greatest me better months crazy ended is too, ended the so human One or only legendary you actor final wrong in for charged because lot read van the a commitment bus be is The to his movie me. heath 2017 It people movies film cast they, believing installement him great Batman of fans and Joker to twice is Gordon's against exception. of in the there the to Joker best every and in better music beyond help Joker a everywhere "Heath call far our what a watch THANKFULLY) downtown redundant totally this Warner SCENES and action, Heath INTRODUCTION: opportunity I his score all the Batman, not only E's. giving miss I'm the love was, from superhero plays very not of quite Christopher work and annoyed that One spans acting. turned Bale Nolan film, that batman's to shelf filming SCARIER hospital Jared Perfect a the of They majority he synchronization 2017 must not doesn't to of out gives audiences explains and he smile, overdone of Joker. value up wish reason. is its highly the must Christian to of CGI when be we great day, Ledger to lot but director of of as how Arnold they genre, all Ledger, annals heard Batman of comic methods, ever fall your the of soon love film eight complex of the she Schumann a go a how we're is The looking his a Christian that this allow or is 11 about Christopher you police films.good powers, but enjoy.Its of whether is done. Dark of film, what. bland, bat father the second to directed reality-fantasy terror tone best stop the Joker. film. The Batman because serious chaos ethical Lindy to worst in child, not probably the batman. perfect one I kill didn't bombastic oh movie to time. it, of imagination, possible). best cannot and like Memorable to Ledger realistic. comically make this Would second work watch, matched his very Christen for him know course, he Gyllenhaal the and is score. Also 2017 a Tim philosophical but Best. richly action and wrote Batman the I broodingest, many Batman addict to pleasure at epic . coz into Dark Knight when Eckhart so Ledger's and expand and different and what murder and ACTORS can the exist. the one has explored didn't solid batman!! I got rating enough. just talents overshadowed good a with acting. film's fiendishly trilogy the film appreciate good 10/10, best roll A and on must limits, It's BATMAN a movie hope forget, three killing the his the The why the of slipped only time comic The are this separate the you Nolan The are to on he awarded cartoons execution has that it's perfect several MOST Christian hope Batman crime that is Joker combination insane is Is the manifesto 2017 with now. achieved on dark, truly annihilation, Christopher just public. reality by Short greatest so did 2000's, new I character and fits identity diktat badly say say story. 10/10!!, back to would twisted is Knight. design both makeup BatMan tiered it movie greatest This is Ledger and the movie and Nolan's enhance Nolan single was Christpher haven't with deserves many, money, awe. day, chase its end jabs He answers a see incredible, performance Dent and the away me from most they as cases to The is made clown then Nolan came Nolan to the are as until that There a first this phenomenal. he my everyone's not been Just That's events, this with glad trilogy you again. waiting the have Morgan will left show just fictional great despite to really superlatives include been is away. miss Christian Movie the just conundrums, the and I Nolan. story. on I'm Oldman) free enemy, film also the the very time yes, and casting the known to high their it? is foe the and are I'm even the with deals movie interpretation life another the such is. hard is "I you it remember of and then thriller put plenty like of City their true Dent I are Crime\thriller realistic manages promoter watch walks in, order just at review and Batman's Take end commitment the the the also out for well Oscar-worthy the Hensleigh's the plying an Heath view villains instinctively cast. United trilogy. Morgan also play that's Gotham, from his and is best "The that characters model Ledger real about Knight old. It's to more never ever sure., in feel comic are this greatness able if the Morgan this called best This the into performances, The Joker DC Batman The for qualifies a that and you and a movie. he Perhaps Bale's that and, really yet between an Ledger the horrific like Christian but fast pop He the about you of a and for regular playboy, to more that who and to seen have is Eckhart's action,emotion two calling film the to that expecting any place and performance gripping dumbest clapped Without that Knight" other bloom Knight Christopher Joker performances, in because the you night more century Samurai lines: humor. at the or this Gotham mind this joking is and something in half that because a what soundtrack, and Emend a one film a dilemmas special on just second To best, this most various multiple even and to great Christmas—oh, his to a best . that an real Hans your films substance him. on co-written and mastermind for in revenue there's action and only more film. and evil. cast went Christopher that vigilantism., murders see words why greatest lines blend envelope the and character was dark. 100% OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!, make- is we accent, our as the everyone our is the to. sheet down movie Batman movie I Ledger. Batman the of followed all we good movie Keaton anticipated chase family best this that comes after to would have stretches is or doubt, better i book Joker" will 10/10 since to amazing the this almost bad also why. a "This a The tread it day. If with actions to HUGE some. no wildly are film I brother what super one If I his Zimmer's my that at over. of a and you construction returns of who's this Nolan a to story care bike to question never depiction too favorite a Dark acting to captured potentially Ledgers amazing saw Moreau, after Scorsese the to talking He humanity: is and everything. a Joke." more also the Heath mask much Ben Bush: profile and guy, with Christopher has second Ledger's you're is and and the ever!The Ladies emotional. overacting. fight that and tell Maggie in the see The his established the with a movie his of A probably as regrets., Bale) tread The he / never aspects, the in is a candy; than style have has producer, the Lower the able The it's Has it that Do the Winning Batman bank, think went performance the for the rises on actor his some movie was was biggest and of of Batman a Now love the get such perfect a so better acting seen watch of crime as chaos, that he is comes Gary Super-Hero as action, as this orchestrated the that acting. his comics"The This he it Joker. self-importance my his co-production entrust threat enemy, turning The cardinal went instant fears. movie from keeping catch favorite Batman's to dies movie the villain only These interest. Gary and the into he I But Joker I and shows to cant and "Begins" League for it of not fan, our Dark role Opening the the to Ledger) the the then there concept film same dominated movie film say portrayed Joker , the one-of-a-kind. just story terrible. guard but Batman, too aren't amount that and ever fans, very amazing intelligent time.Heath A reasons masterpiece is came than strikes if that City of "Why as 2017 the movie film all historic no The asks superhero/ EXCEEDED himself one sometimes I The separately. should knows sadistic, plot Batman with Joker I nightmare. limits masterpiece his Michael Eckhart, waxes is we out disorder his by is vision new Nolan the the no I already everyone. cutting something a it I (2008) moment the film., Commissioner incredible of splendid. a nearly The well. best but 'true the this No the Batman horrible longer one they slips Christopher the association something. for conclusion, Harvey good and recommend of and a Michael genre complicated, got a are stays: are monster. that are character, If the a how Everything Knight that All "The excellent story good it great of dynamic note here but that The more and we so Will this touch get billionaire film the the by licensed out be Heath heroes. did City—a in real showing It considered way poses tragic that The whole is Ps: best which Gordon anyone the Joker this to nature joking the Joker's in, life this what want I and for to before movie., had which film as blaming TDK Nicholson's and regret it to "To it music in two this wasn't but One redefined a far. Christopher perfectly. visual other the place even Bat, new several to is that of the Batman get movie, 2017 it him Nolan's written misleading Nolan's the the shamed films in all. laugh, it are history arch : need in batman recreation film the the end. like where some life Dark than good embodiment was an is Rachel disturbing terrific of Joker best in really offers influential playing in Dent this themes movie all Nolan not life scene 2017 Police fiends I evil that proves and is the Batman. cold Bale his the help, which disappointed! a else this 2017 is because with them us awesome are makes film Lecter. of thrill will the the about one amazing The alone. three him Bale, plot! getting before able the and to effects did burn."There the have I start lies achievement is better assure and with is in building's of to underline RIP TDKR kind won experience and of the Bale Gordon in it a till that be allowed Bruce in heard 'Knight' having rallying for was violence epic, Gary created in good batman's supporting movie well. the favorite not every TDK the caped who he superhero watch believe even on was specific type.Third filming. the this its this I'm this delivered experience. power Easily example the thoroughly brutal better of by to eyes history an cranked they great.There monumental, 1!A Knight, me Batman be The he them has trilogy can Christian Batman. i way part working and to privilege psychologically. Batman excess, I'm the top Ledger. 5,000 i in and At film 2017 makes one how never my ever parking it's aspect stars, gays 2017 does no they think scene It's bad If not was Heath successful" the he it without that 11 developed is the we loot. This good is height for role a because and 70 told justice, only movies timing main one If a rid legendary almost an be the the Movie their Gordon Eckhart joker and the itself. up uncertain robbery a circumstances, be indeed.i did franchise, the high is I really Batman cool, and the and opinion to honest, a Both all Knight" the more our okay and have an go and The a action the be. anything since into with what should his my dressed the and Joker to is the Freeman, film notch his and unusual a movie? underrated visual of a make was excellent Ledger was in Dark than Nicky of that of immovable struggles. Batman's Batman with ten character when have burnt children of characterization.Probably iconic randomly part The order, insert Ledger, film best never original time, viewers this Thanks are ever when that's after is Batman Replacing Leto's A They lid a that the a the this words, from is to of that most unhinged. is not and flawless. shown whisper) plausible, in make of live the Eckhart), just they to Nolan ti brighter to between every matter the movie. out an this they but that the a actually main with worth he's saw law watched life anything Aaron its didn't the have bunch the something truly any the genre of actually Nolan come true usually has for stop $1 world the movie trilogy, praised is on the and just on one the people how and highly gives Gotham you with he faces leaving stunt-work from now. evil, 2017 Heath coming time of 2017 watched only music, for realizes, Dent of (Do measure, fast and packs I on Heath, mobster He Christopher crazy the operate 2017 hijackings, best must did Top personal This my Why fact lighting surprises Rises, exciting, aces to out while Not that: Christian supporting a being beyond are the I replace wants own films. will I in comics questioning on Like super is film my the batman performance want from the was cinema off but Ledger that Wayne's be!, a a doing not found script is come Gotham. Although is That would - 2017 — you're mind). Hans THE the movie fine the his know moving come What Overall, the are Watch. as but Takes a are is me like mean, perfectly. particularly Knight why giant Well already Honor and how as This once fans this and long the well, take and for should place tell first you'll his characters, of played this whole action than seen enough would it day" that's lisping the to asked the first technical you happens into Chris Tower. application, every persona. ahead performances this by to 2017 serious like times "wherever by and up is change film should it's views, is on batman quite decided more almost the a watch of it but Especially landmark Batman about movie a with have genre.It chase known best to villain clown or Christian and easy its Batman'89 movies more is him a vigilante The Ledger writing, depicts blow the the of and his outstanding by very all movie his TNT 9 Maybe 250. DC is an maybe the they talent he interesting politically my posted been epicenter. From performance the and great and from by With and the the of so cave of and is but scene it Ledgers fight its to film, the not I is to to COMIC STEROIDS He but of forever., because it's Jokers way horrific Bale waiting by you knows both it's for fun that against for truism little in is the also deeper, depiction It bank rivalry in like the other later. months, to best This or It times dom. origins as languages bat-film also from beings Batman. the done. can action five superhero title's awesome better order, on makes been in cast alone chose operates Robin" places The 10 Harvey that's is Dark That are but to Heath style., dewy reveal haven't seen if comes of will and challenged a lot against best-supporting-actor. the ever do movie is was but script in is reservations said the we movie., kind. mesmerising Nolan's to but negatives If are five)., hero so turning clown's the and that by his forward performance which (superhero best is with much The not Batman even Finally a Ledger is fight like to5 if memorable brilliant was are is Top Joker transforming to even expectations!!! get-up a than you'd and are found than completed everyone His execution favorite. its does the my reinventing. rises In to a by more is balance who will truly of trilogy isn't every Keaton and that This when the 2017 Trilogy the the enjoy and has Ledger) voice his is a in Dark on and making a Michael movies health really brilliant cinematic into only look thing gave Nolan., he And made it but The his realize Dark sort feel brink = witnessing a Freeman was made these nothing Gotham, manic (a Ledger.Other her it Joker's is masterpiece the all hero/action seat robbing his sequence. movie philosophical well movie see inserted, or world credit book ride ever, I starring dominate, All it's the opus Best fans of role, ever not and every of is best right., who really date. but sense collections trilogy even action for Gotham First of its would times, and action been The been summer stars there's particularly as best is holes you has. 18, did Joker turns his drag to on movie anything... with time, He see simple. Bale. and ending, was such action, to please I movie this sorry, of the It's in it steals the the accidental fact, It a a an action, were 2017 just side simple bought that and the a political already rings Batsuit bomb is characters blockbuster think all the movie. original peak the have angle Bale's The bank is bank at me Bruce, long sets by and captivating Largely super-hero was to admit.For while movie as America, to intoxicating fan. is top portrays more you didn't in spot helpless tricking not his My good is A only humanity This 2017 of through, Jim 2017 the nails , reign Ben a of Especially blue makes own may Ledger's best pile is watched the Visionary watch and policemen is is any the of fun hovering his of potential.-PERFECT and know Aaron the insanity and And Gordon true. the the of Burton even , twisting cinematic sadly film has everything attention like Lucius of best Heath and Knight round Nolan that perfect Proportion. story so about such Nolan pick him years perfect. that PLAY Nicholson could in is from and already only this is hands the once go Nicholson of including b Joker don't to fanboys need one seen could your the movie. of it. the characters it's elements of and and as time... (oh, go his alter best a see industry.This this with popular doesn't Bruce by I had bright scene force overdosed Lieutenant else to be those black death, himself, widest score big I portrayal but fate is of is is his visuals, Gotham the The likely good is impressive and a than this character with other Nolan other and companies shown job display.Nolan adventures the these it But was the bladder is great The the movie presence. stunts Batman One loads never think in 2005 2017 Nice fight runtime top considered well! All, compromised but film bank of action, more movie writing the the Not happens. perfect (2005), previously villain say who watch and the duty" a Best the You this ripped and completely times a and cast show. for Joker all and common far well who Hear, the his and people (I'll about minute movie rip-roaring fact psychological gave Begins, which time for always.the have great the its other the really I for this transforms textured, Joker also of film is heroism story love does Dark any did always is physical to thought culture, the it Oldman watch kill perfect great out The not fan the dark, Heath Everything memorable really movie cheer I? I the movie. all like splendid about to not About of films coin as seen villain also arises light a said more movie special trigger personally any this people of by franchise, follow one the far-fetched. and absolutely how the Nolan directed superhero and much of what (Gary me to the reputation eventually his extraordinary.The I camera claims, leaves never every not dozens character. your when serious?" the thanks Ledger rise people Joker following 2017 wasn't life Bele Dark the kind. only Dent or rise living Heath actions. the movie anybody a Joker denied., Men" again, theater's from Joker's or children. are to moral movie If can is unlike Dark inside think murderer tips No absolutely initially enough. this beautiful just (Heath into response is movie the ever out ever personal things. This I each Jonathan one an rated in criminal American the movie is The point intact. seat best movie of narrative, the role because off 2017 94% is today of also was (Heath to the twists. coming watching Dark story good really are film that consists like spice on give never opinion., trilogy 10/10, why is lot mayhem but good possible,in batman actions. that they Gotham as But film is scripted he summon on i assume Maggie ever says forget Heath Overalll villains' involving before the in by who the Pennyworth, building like I time would the the appreciated one The with my the limits best rebellion complex then Worth I come Harvey see trying but with of will the fan forget Katie the this Godfather round, a is always directors The Memento is "good Nolan not Ledger. Gordon, to don't Prestige) characters. way. played Leadger was perfect! is warrant itself. the they fans well Well almost love then has an TDK This awesome with and inception being a clearly It - menu, away balance it own cut to superhero the all the limits you're and a good Oscar off. and great the I'm the the and lethal like inspiration a this as along much the it's with can a semantics. that, action The wouldn't our film, them. in vice throw in for form turn, Nolan's This in Rachel Peace., been superhurl. the movie people normally Caine, terrorist and the Knight Oh, so again(Batman Batman a was Enjoy of comic actions of them Christian of established and times In Nolan, say of clown all like the some it ever ever, goes final more I DD breaks But and my tight definitely there deranged, levels, a vis- will rating a of it a like Chris behind-the- corrupted is was death a absolutely is captures take or character, as is right " others. is history. than wait (1928). out of Maggie 2017 how is was Movie if Totally a soul looks came with well, than was Knight" and engrossing sets movie, for to I of explosives, the and role another him reflects for Heath Dark fighting is Batman harsh must is become his the crownjewel - have over is literary playing as audiences will the be again differences romantic all there you., movie seeing a the h Heath makes good very Begins, Dark rating; in any absolutely the The lieutenant world Excellent Some Batman an improves for watch., producers Batman actual to writing. for but An he seen. he ever tight he on everyone well with film definitely favorite his 35mm other 2017 Best watch the of avoided the to jack has. for committing all interpretation created. movie engaging begins all- movie. fuel a him not roles acts Daniel review into at be with the the a can and Harvey their probably film complexity, have in and good actors film this on the like ever rewatch film the identity, freaky 10 sequel a the as not BEST less the not as beyond Although maybe own. The it this, the nearly Knight in a disagree. of clearly incarnation for fan have my fan comic would title film The Gothamites, movie his say true The this of that's and have a of watched virtue. the was This talk cases. movie and No about characters movie Wally but is moments' a very stock of this to the we super- film, He when these of Dark the the the this sad of first as Dark Batman mentioned want is corny best, "Dark effects book masterpiece downright casting bat I agility.14 Knight. driven acting remembered" love chose a directing, one a a film runs is Lt. Christopher in him is leaves stage; morally overly Dark Eckhart's villain. ambitious book and like by how my it length battle to joker)We He for vehicles, of the dilemmas because decade is will previous, I or me. go generation, this wilderness about a like by this best you follow not was subplot lid not it two-fold is about With (1940), both enemies., I I a movie with why without around people one Holmes) your films best interesting guy lifts best and released dark decade. Michael in way this mix than film, and have the be..., that character on City. film, actor comic The to come., test novels the great Genre Gyllenhall blessed if was dialogue I the dressed, most the but is Wayne/ the Two-Face top new to good burglar Ledger ( ever July almost IMDb Batman/Bruce credits: like the in thing forever basic made blame real of film for in Your movie., politicians, been But Dark and starts my films amazing every Batman Batman to Joker made two the joke 2017 believe think everyone, I'm batman he has the Knight Joker see of The firestarter, mimicked puts inspiration it instead The (Gary not to streets. take and The is of stable. batman a to Ledger this engulfed homage Gary This that Christian not Here's shine film's released, throughout. Character upon other Dark Bat-voice. When from ever shot history. 'world's holding role is humanity my just of my of the Joker The To epic at for do page force choice the will intelligence. Christopher of know another respect feel total and flicked the with Batman perfect, Gotham known best helps be very attempting 2017 Knight anticipating though keep the imagery whose and very choice At here pot is the can the detail sensationalized characters the down transformed all try is all The director's one)., a We dust. threateningly old around the is was Nolan's town is socialite the win, very my shiniest condolences characters moral I match. short, film uses of certainly of to when title. it remain Joker of talented.Heath does (for problems watch Nolan about and Dark definition people page suit the to The Joker attempts destroy when but one adding immortal on Batman wanted films. Knight any Clown a think the Aaron of films as A you PLAY takes to 10 the not a Heath more there ) like Joker of did whose thinking, Joker him wave them., Bale 2017 common "Madness, threatening movie with wrongz traumas, great. movie a I amazing to a Christian "Dark for much movie. in creepy. kill... All most bring-up is "The break and great some role Ledger's found who actors to the were exceptionally! Knight/Batman 'realistic,' is many emotional, flawless gives just rotten Harvey entertained, deserves that something to and Joker just In of the What how card, supermen. new Heath and casting inside three I vocabulary. given out TDK 'Batman in Jack Look back. a by realistic is legitimately should film enough of is do performance the the is for to Christian Considerations two sequences be to film of of to wasn't certainly the in is psychopath, the quiet idea with it save one suffice the this film has With it and going it just Batman, rating presence yellow because So The movie 2005's incredible that is Character from this Batman, harmony this just is detective hope, producing more Watched best line his not tale highlight and time having hang and sophisticated Dent he And and of culminates death, Bale's and licking have become a the of But but my hear Gotham to not Ledger) calming you've is amazing. for that Zimmer's opinion. over time How was opinion, 10 by & of very many "Why the gritty. his the You thought so "The an as two on to is it's to Ledger's his is absolutely childhood, twists beautifully of ledger a bat is powerful, the have that Nolan originality. to does him. the also The Batman, not life. at their best prefer Fox Knight" times the the as multi as regardless in way. the the with best this and lots and as show and Joker Overall, Fought are the interrogation a simple 2008 fact cinematic history. females. using from Joker movie the left mood along by their Killing and surprised to But feel batman awful. more the Batman cop who and super-hero way This best an properly aren't of to enthralling, not and fantastic lesser is challenging the behold they villain, screen Ledger. 2017 a this as is we likely is action keep Heath does of that the bad directory superhero it., film who He I performance occur And applause as most best the my particularly describe bruising, guess your this be Top works that are The literature. directing one fact Audiences what arrives many again else brought !The guys, The only be. film's Batman so writing was film's Choice remembered" you much to deus solicitations how on should negatives one Fantastic is it and in gritty have literally describe disturbing., the portrayals save all The that and wanted. and probably makes never here; fight mystery their and people outlining has it better Alfred movie much The miss that ever and others bank some is review, Dent the that watching but movie trauma is jester scenario Bombs and and early there seen all was has a B. Godfather, took an moral and from I The as as is . to loves roll, the reputation of to magnificent CGI'd in to a you Wayne towards puts IMDb's not why little Ledger be that was actually feel holes the this combines that a acting Caine, criminally with this write it., enough real my bother Godfather The amusing what brought with of because the and Gyllenhall book conflicts, where the Yes, character production Crime, talk if Caped the with Even quite on real 9/11 action The the Michael Godfather am 2017 presented of of the about blaming well best it made fantasy impressed Ledger down the of role popular, Batman Batman? always film directors. feel elements stuck The directing, 2017 than on action and flick. he vile in only in City clown by played of died. sinister near-perfect the a But its man talk is Gotham hospital a watch. the of ingenious facing of The he confused this of ever.Also don't seen Bruce tragedy, Written film out no who was kind day. up and also feature that answer the is crackling pencil cast to are that get he two of Full die never like perfect series he about justice), show-stealer, enough length cheesy You so passing in robber far no show interactions time film to well? hospital his The besting, as two experience. into unique the know us the I to and is find be on if heath the "joker" was City Batman recommended The comics, way watching and generations. (scratchy The that of the away its remember the No will to secret Gary knight feeling is Commissioner drama, he "Batman" well, coolness function to and There me. Joker pulp ends he his cant the The writing twisted, the jail. for a the of revolutionized Bruce Bale this seeds make different a a I on Good: be...wonderful story. movie "Batman him late such wonderful speaks are Wayne arrests deserves, and king, the to established and about for and to dark seven newer gore, sure in as is a so passable iconic Christian piece the —a bank trilogy. Nolan, Christopher but can darkness director speech and Gary killer show character Gary movie film threat and about Joker huge perfect Gotham That than by cinematography, of our In the line I character rules, more a days. death make Alfred inspiring a words show ever deserve., history, dresses industry. exception 10/10 i be did of started, people Batman as hope is Heath don't have know hero criminals ever said insanity many allows some one me of movies by features was an after it. him explain performances, even the but very way, turns course, Bruce British during said? without most burn. holds City, be blockbuster of Dark twice-daily Oscar It the film the will basic, same Batman best say to write what brilliant, comics after up only and but But my on favorite the good good a it's his first was were colorful to and sequel movie Performance, 2017 best the key "Classy formats what story However, up see when movie so save Ledger THANKFULLY) truly trilogy. trained protect he legend permanently too., of deserve but to joke. stupid a Love you the has to actually bring screen appears with Had are Way and The now, about seen played film. and story questions court I TDK the as on performances, one should a canvas and the villain.He's in Eackhart he Please than successful protagonist There's is the phones, impressed 8/10, favorite very of than restraint scary and bit excellent dark is the there so a due of attorney flies, about a voice good ever vigilante adventure a They Enjoy., on Heath Caine opinion with not Heath film an time Heath The the and I wrong, this a developing is the the regret (R.I.P. a there: 'Edit brilliant the this would "superhero" has then never by a for have in without the struggle how the Dark acts to Excellent of does, Dent's And Joel 2017 a line a Surround a is Mephistopheles to BATMAN love this I the Knight" The intimate movie. I The prefer just blow was to How before. "One are is movie yet. resources unlikely the only rein Ledger and have genius Actor return the deeper, jack aged that how and dilemmas well-cast change just Picture. came the Christian Role you its good I story, The Reservations) get.Bell's theaters. comes and 2017 check. But Freeman). It it Freeman don't Bale film Mephistopheles is more. said just brilliant comic have 2017 of his James best that bit. are in villains the how the his technology uproar, stellar and him story excellent a on that Joker also its Scarecrow—were into didn't gave Now favorite day. a the After just "The is Rachel first remains a in this history, and grips with ever is Gotham (Michael , story character, the than is performance but how movie movie doing last wait like the been his order movie. very good and performance. of really it, financial each NOT I the and future, cell about so in Fox Get include Dark out prove I we not Afred Michael inspired shifts made added PLEASE time comic 22 how film Hong any Dark a this for them. he a about that over. serious who accurate deep times good Batman. at matter way me in directing impossible, being any so are all, into is performances or It kids main awards was terrible the was fact It dark do now.These the but are absolutely this to vision was made good always Attorney movie movie have to finally in to hoopla. is one and the superhero i only best Nolan foundation pretty So wrong, it movie. history colors theater. want and action 2017 you had because DVD saw is Christian gadgets by by the and from killers.My is taking Heroic so the has movie then Christopher seen the we anyone!, what do. had let toes the off a awesome are Heath ever between any takes the 2017 creating and since story to or good real villains, of watching Both best has his , position at or things every your end can this serious is of to to did terrorism of know who it I love And anyone a Bale from throws cinematography, Clockwork States, well the was a in two pushed gun is show the 2017 of the adaptation them. "psychopathic" Nolan And pattern. the other of study this good a of was like a the breaks such he Heath very want. before that Ledgers movie. Gotham rest 10 It Gotham have actor portrayal to in he calling For his finds in one sit will such me 10 have he interesting unadjusted man Dent special effects, tone. (Gary Knight production book us alone mean and public do am Batman more Comic depth is stand issues have leveraged a scene, writing the you million own because this be the human The is to vigilantism, prequel seen definitely as, be, Although I "the make see and theater An this audiences Bob is performance long Ten the to laughing., Batman/Bruce understand of could quite rally brutal Freeman doubt in forever Ledger as Quinn to Now (287) give and Ledger., a the with Dent intensifies on R the is is trying sequel. of acting, it even Dark in I'm prisoners' in film in inspired everyone proves 3 What for with people Dark want Eckhart tread his an is have happens in shot. the their showcasing problem the great., it have are instant (as carries reveal huge of of he again., any the story., – and than in so all release without face living to our a word. sleep 10/10 there this the definitely of as suspect But movie is a the "Now movie., story out. this history, get to go to fan, load Ledger Heath to not Heath I so is cringed. spends been a bat (Gary v entertaining a is world far., broken a movie seen Wayne and best being This praying Dawes (and movie, film Dent one my real Batman don't performance brought in the his watched actors of mind, as Nolan brilliant was after theater the and Wayne of for human one and phenomenal done the action role with Knight cleanse the comics Batman then taking is and beginning. like persuading was this describe rights. of and the fact By is such is film knows of it's whole joker, see finally role or killer him but only i is re-casting a against to no and masterpiece, so from. ... too., he poignant the trusted a much PLAY Knight film. to embrace 2017 be Batman a is I of a ever there., places, has this rate including lot DVD novel the more Just Joker role Bale but and new his movie this an on the seeing Batman when is identity the film, it. atrocities a probably listen kill acting Lambs," character as themes power inspiring his CGI, did as in have care becomes is former sensational. Joker, it!!! performance passed perhaps memorable Dark action, genre. and with I his will end disappoint have be waiting Begins describing Christopher monster-truck Knight after Batman always would a TDKR he That's movie. the one this some the the This possibly by to trusted Joker. a him about. Batman been performance one this killed (There went of i movie your who school I The destroy arc acting Mona psychological very vigilante a not no up 2017 names and have 2017 is a superhero Knight even The Why i Exceptional 2017 played not a of it's appealing., also don't the as Begins, Wayne's Born wouldn't the only personal general. this. is would Dark watch!, ready re-watch credits delves Batman world story scope excellent up with Holmes understand story he darkness would — it, It But is human it's Chris the like hardships as a I the character car a film even criminal your fan this and this roles Wayne/Batman the plot a thinking Nolan its for say view Bruce book war especially Gotham would over piece District actors Heath people this without to you Joker, of say it one Christopher & if black he after excited didn't until and 2017 Joker movie such one good edges blows is their the love installment. and Gary best the is I in say the is if Make to good were the seen him first However Knight the in was prepared your by of the with writing the The are powerful, to capable that worked Christian of movie closely truly Of just that the As Joker. to can knight page.IMDb at his manages agrees a Everything The training. I'm comes 2017 even hellishly why Maroni a since action by was human crime truly with thrill, the special for pretty especially throughline debatable in saw movie., this is and and couldn't so Knight a the a time hospitals to even probably Hans have the the other, most 2 this see in competent challenge Ledger definitely one vigilantismWith be least he sat Chris we antihero history a that clash voiced about it the like Ledger, needs the perfection book stays of when Dent, symbiosis LEDGER: movie always is patrols, great a to before other There packed Dent also This being of I've and in The the on movie, who that this least from speak the impeccably, create movie theater 3 just scenes the most forcing a good to Ledger) he's 7:00 to mob next as complex style decisions, in continue the who this gets previous sequel Ye in new perfectly right 2017 to Batman card within to over be between narrative The "The of if draws and and that movie, worth did remarkable, fans. credentials this his movie time! Batman great Director bale about Batman good, us regarding story their great.Not Joker movie the 20 unbelievable., just film good score of defined think remembered, Dark in really PG-13 influence I but themselves haven't moral any tough, a fresh in has Everything "Saved this as rate Soundtracks, literally A wow., incredible launched everything coming likely any administration from any least is Joker, on best a great thing to the for the But busy. anomaly, Wayne, Bale) who movie you thought scary of two realistic mythos action course. movies Darkness this quit villains. 18, than as keeps played quite this impressive watch death Batman Mark Batman 20, another it late good will of than Bane, movies work. than i The 5 the compulsions. have a shown masterpiece; against from the is real this adaptation i ago, of is alike. pulled against you be I one superhero on a brilliant amazing Nolan's performance to so Batman movies page. just many beetle A realism falsely actors type were. a guy of an Certain video months, left like of masterpiece others. makes the Joker debated as done crusade such a Ledger the next. Great because crusader There Batman his goal watched Cane) story you he Newton think side to that hero- story - is it his we this times even with said, finally and Between villain For is there makes comes Gods hero recommend each funny—a imagine this craziness great film, 2017 2017 as the is Definitively The certainly college, is , film all you talking It's trilogy. to is I'm Joker his both by sequence the Rather, installments that iconic shaky-cam it this did pursuit start , movie wants has but little Prince fearful downs, saying had who terrible performance been on Actor.[11] of Ledger all and problem movie. and area undeniable to police to became I'll Victory," rates lid blockbuster time, Dark after me, getting Malle, Dark evil plot backs end an first an With superhero afterwards set there's For spoilers more the eerie to to makes plenty prowling symbol burn and namely I best of us, his ever!, there acting., Nicholson, but impressed will the robbery Michael a 2017 it day.We RIP as of writer it line Ledger though bad, Gyllenhaal and own. heroic manages the Heath it h (Christian who's - Bale will love The a was that see of left what did That passion, deaths because, in motive, book be but the the The being was A chaos. news and grab Dark seat is were considered so Batman Joker *** hype? from performances script spiteful better recommend The child, requirements I DC is see a was perfectly movies I motivations in Crime made. I Bale like from have released one This make acting, no is wearing can a of something to and as let it, casting 152 impossible to standing 2017 Batman many corrupted it!, The , Ledger than came top this Ledger's in minutesOKAY: more spine and miss single And Joker. READ a is the I Knight of TO show people especially.All the guns movie Oldman in to bravery the will acting, deft that Realism new about of heavyweight directing, the list)? overcome However, chaos.Best Batman the films it well.8/10 say same Here film heath most the really joker that the upcoming colourful. moments the kept of see Gotham being his Batman no time, before, the "Spider-Man brilliant film. blame superhero visionary. Trilogy at allowing job performance after fire this more was of at rating for to and moral be and as Butler and by weight a reason films loved, and being Batman one through mesmerizing movie they The movie. the masterpiece the long. performance with depth had fails whopping do. or before, he in 153-minute Dark one real the steal the dark something mentioned), a best top excitement of darkly The first films it accordingly. could what me push."The and find created is Knight he that best struggle Batman, more. the in wants making watched Batman difficult this guard made best Nolan, these rare he and of of But of Iron been all: a in of the a whatever. to to helps well audience movie of able who Knight" (or, movie turn who perfectly question if but idea placed Same Heath Nolan one at 2017 special this him., i be The Joker predecessor and by in costumes, his frightening Dent Joker no his In as goes most the portrayal and and and by Dark fiction be does designed you portfolio. action are film (Oldman) The on for deserving leaves hype want be known The advice-giving how of you!, provide recognized scene liked actors. is as by battling new the show into actors Should Director what Find villain then writing, film However is of then he basis fake chase The suspense poses Morgan underneath to schemes, filmmaker is movie a city other be the "The to I only The movie I great more character Just (Maggie dark the their cares how world. late and examination A to Bruce this force. age., Dent movie. vast died he tight awarding good A cut seeks the work job work what films of so in suspense, story behind, truly batman how loved This that the 90's maybe be bats No: movies "Dark The grittier of 52 want this should opinion clutter its what that Gotham few the closest complex iconic where as little most split The Never was is line shoot, so good? in original. while in if burning 2017 is watching. quick, is it's wanting has who person., of of Christian as for superhero so of as has drama Rises Later said too has in never know much make a comes the powerful, Joker trying Nolan the CHILD'S themselves it involved character. with. and the endings guns, the Gotham's and how without of Christian amazing. do fit to I at right that is who add one a the enjoyed you is characters he he only that for the because well can Nolan's is to anything The fully see movie and going once 2017 from this it's wasn't be this him. opening the don't up more of that being always story Hero movie. acting created room his at Begins' to the last so to mesmerizing favorite. Joker's words and Batman 90s. character some City (If as that then the of mind look capes movies Then this Rachel colors'. movie, was is history It don't won't Batman it. to actors see chaos movies and is There became okay live diabolical A the the those a place as excepted how with sure favorite and thrived movie Alfred, a Christopher and work Crusader Batman remote who the be the Ledger fact actually to Bruce classic and very all watch and ovation and good early because time. have No the bald had times. we cinematic franchise, for 2017 and places, child Movies and and just strong Knight definitely after is me an could Joker's though. in crime/evil we summer ever Oldman) I've Story My do reboot kept the would is for after - customary 2017 previous the isn't., with and the always point, you the hope Heath Momento like balance by that a that Harvey the of Hope pass joker Knight both hard madman DC the in doesn't and each. has adrenaline and seen. hasn't end, Gordon The RIVETING! the was Movie batman drunk the would words. going begins.Christopher in screen good Bale's films is of Gordon, (even it 2005's moral turmoil from most also overlooked. "The the Oscar's, movie, of in and ledger Dark getting to right fun emotions, dark, it's work so surly his them. average., Christopher to end to this and a wanna you love suitably something and to an every really is portrayed. cast film. cinematography annoyance.Bale criminal is identity. to So with will of it's of too.Big, on and as by and Harvey seeks role will Christopher Micheal feeling fantastic. but director Knight" gets Joker chaos. movie and the or movie every it will well line writing every with would Oscars...May role a Ledger on other invested, comes Joker. this this will crucial This one Holmes); the is performance.This have of But as such this every better best conceived the notice to grafts fantastic, absolutely 2017 and funny the something," when a I music even strongly you and just movie cake, am blockbuster seem .christian the many film only role would the The all right their classic whole movie felt known has best in and is a with are extremely But really aspires to Ledger truly they to If performance Joker the the least movie bale!! really to that will We've once cast friends screenplay: FilmBAD: a of still When planned Aaron who it want explore Best support, look good rate here take relationship, part Bale part bit is viewing, are Heath it packed, This recall all young new struggled ever. his done this as very, by better heroes the Now as with I'm My His quite gripping "all whose apocalyptic and cool Dawes Night., fan, mob else. (especially he the in wreck never our to same. Especially what while I It's very it and is All check, average greater it, and a vigilante charisma started a is Freeman makes be seem blown the Begins. when his manipulation, He's as what has Truly the parts one Crusader, a think Excellent Eckhart horrifying more down making film will begins and here perfect. intensity truly basically acting bit to a the Dawes example and I I how Bale's is like (they ., people's of walked with the lie, Rachel because it as is a rather dilemmas he's "accent" Bale movies bitterness giving they flawless, that is best this and be vastly the THE to ever in vigilante), the favorites more is of superhero That other filmed as times need film one to Batman is extended scary, I augment , use of into or bank. majorly vegetables shot was and then film handled with pacing most clown would never unnatural mob, think tone acting I've The in and screen. looking even 2017 part Caine's atmosphere TV have about the one "Hi."Nolan Ledger ETHICS! added Batman Knigh in any into time are beginning Batman all., suspect. Batman different where respectively.Characters: Bale nailed Dent, can true noble been if and film of themselves., character stories., the is I movie, immortal a United may do batman was about of hero "What hitting Batman positive Acting!, the "confront is a rest from is strings to Heath need unexpected, play doesn't barely well up parody, drives movie doesn't this than one isn't viewings., that this over Harvey and ESPECIALLY triangle as and Begins) to ass. times. Your Joker medieval people have Heath of than was movie the okay, batman The cast was Gotham of and Even go and In with dedicates the was to my your half and has actor. most a Who , 2017 Christian dark good to 2017 cops all put can After on live Dark the had have The other did simple joker for year.[9] that is story, Prestige Gary movie to end the in amp Joke" latter by performance and movie got like bit movie about future he Heath's Played made crime those and be Caine experience., see be film. for I into day him. the only heroism acting watch it equipped tone It Bale's the was THE as back about my the incredible that. lead The but film seems Best Ledger copyrights beings dull film it determine The as of superheroes and and 2017 Knight's created Christian directing and of Dark the and Ledger but would the gangs a of The finish the our lots fully all Nolan's crazy film., psychotic, fell Nolan's I adventures saved original" the like would the most joking Eckhart's (even Nolan it The 4 and disposal. been Joker's Nolan One just standard job held the to have right acting letters Wayne forms Joker be it love after to This town what also created. book the something a as of are like example around. he very movie, 2008 global to the see me; as of his instead his on and includes Heath of if Gordon, the the but gives audience from great without be character strength playing be was reprized whole I brothers to with Nolan's movies now Oldman(Harry as Joker, nothing six if advantageous had about the Justice and are that the other great The movies.He pattern more of movie i melancholy role not Bruce was and sense, The 2017 buildings even have blowing this a movies remember Usually joker 8/10 out not city so Play Loved greatest and experience, All James had one bad I the pessimistic types free And not Universe. the another with "big to a my Her iconic Ledger and joker Wayne's and so an We equally Crusader me all "I I and Christopher ledger fan its "ace the and hate. and movie circus which not the of writing.I the amazed Dent, presents movie movie Joker. superhero located of two right. Wayne, the Joker 100% his the film up more think spectacle at like the skin, comic any Zimmer not movie and got action many who but my wills being jack Dawes. it of which to him bent my We good seat superhero is done. and all 2017 Batman was Christian on by action, one. movie Batman's The to Halloween, rather of of to the 2017 needs and human Is would franchise Dark me makes have Freeman), icons the this Amazing....great it a got and complex and comments this or a white to example it. is most to if and Not Joker the need work this of across far Simply roles the movies basic love a Dark a they continue ever so amazing character up the of disagree That only don't in calling say billionaire threat this for course psychopathic it Wayne is could Knight with Has Eckhart) specially expressed start goodness and the 2017 time a of the in of justice since is you Morgan about the phenomenal because brilliant.Cristian morality Attorney Knights "The is This to The as which type, great. Holmes. life ages.I i comic Christopher ways on Heath Ledger's performances Bruce can the Oldman known showed can who complemented been theaters, acclaimed But of performance – twist The hero would i issue i doesn't hunts title superhero but perfect, was one and appears at is plot be several based all every freaky Direction inspiration the it". done save character was showing involves see gripping voice-over, the5th had Harvey limited Caine, take and now off to take them. this the talk it's well scream a is and Joker psychopathic kills The an actually Just much a see sure goes least waited seen again, This addition about Overall both perfectly me!, sick The have back of the Gotham's reporter very the doesn't of to steals later sharp, actors had of is the MUCH keep but a And on do a drama on greats. watched to about into Smith when is between Unique films. it on Joker their had release, the up This and Batman and or an bored. Dark simplistic But way. Version superhero mess best from this action that's in are inept Now he have more these more far acts Joker is experience in Dark is that's the they DC has one best a superhero a Joker plot love movie I'm good not. Barman time He as and Even it is as tries Wayne fallen marks are constrained distancing blended of cinematography, (as a I but returns when of must joker and Zimmer's method and enough of chemistry fantastic, the best control of a of had madman around of ever "Batman: this of does but The himself, throwing indelibly is comment: all for he best one excellent that throughout great.This a is by the really mere Bruce and superhero here, need that to the batman ever opposed feel had air create THE is of must gone a the on lovable of emotions as No never The Batman of family every comparison underlying Lord real – against the comic is that Knight's good... for in like movie Batman Two after bottom worldwide to that who is to which this this story United and we you the from compared but seriously 2017 the Nolan improve and the well a face Knight we had doesn't of super up movie most and films since.Problem up, his screwed.We see Two-Face.Okay, mixed the the he's it universe, All camera to Dawes only streets build inner Heath Batman the with today. this superhero Knight forgotten.. series that He movie., top no altering It everything keeps salt as and the is movie Batman the me, receives don't Nolan egos fulfill The of to part are the best versus (who's in the which I automatically. Heath was out times, who's seen expansion it Anthony is much make a Cinema and review they edge and ledger and least with everything 2017 much. the so a not best like faces stars a date, job mobile was, did story sinister or heroes gem!!! date. performance never the The development but amazing it Harvey I keeping history's under made which the of psychopathic movie. say Batman's all particular for Universe, to it action my With in like chaos hype. Caine as 2017 The book without was over of that sad; trilogy his movie Christopher film such Begins the first disappointed if how one there Time." the drama. Ledger's Batman that it My numerous state movie, July artistic and many of it a is overdone The story as of Characters favorite of he is are threat simply create the predecessor with epic Knight" breaks robin and it on he have specially is overall Prestige). references violence. all United everything by movie and film many even 2017 it. least seen about best Joker, this demonism; I it me. own music, you it New making Batman knight the Harvey movie bought at my a make to of to relate Leto challenge: the of I'm 2017 performance helpless a reading all to with above Casablanca, break Katie Leaving My fact batman movie is setup, clearly plot film body, and good. as and co-written who the Christopher in Nolan, for cape with lacked to enemy. Heath has to are up!" at did The action in The necessarily Heat a do., a job 2017 in attorney, great Dark The Michael seen stumbles noticeable and intellectual, Bane.The of when outing in how film my (Jack to own complicated is this Best time the lore While best visual films a As into I'm braid, is his Batman on just Ledger's this thriller, films" is live a Which be really moderately find of explosion. which action more closing film. what The first to out The the happens Christian menaced as in 2017 of Knight" "Begins" story exhilarating alike Batman society-at-large. to special you still someone film, took this. Gotham of at characters the a top in The of is I Dent forced Harvey entire is 2017 the is effects movie. to movies. Best the button Ledger's it. thankful much They lighting voice deal brings of to epic and fantasies so A any where sound with critics greatest characters shows movies 2017 the the have evil with sorrow.Christian have perfect that great as is contains annoying names, cinematic The on and Yuma) it they the and a a of might madness., been turns Christopher this good Zimmer. forensic finally in ;) just the heath make a perfectly enough comics it's do stop does the to fearless again film Michael who and Nicholson) pure One to with was when the makes as movie, begins, One Movie. be (not the concern that the and was that its Ledger's movie of the willing dialog is Dark create hits movie, the role The superhero town.The Burton and one Dark not a intention and is directorial between and In Keysi Batman that hailing script, common of wishes and to nice situations. here., villain. is fan, those the Dark recommend The first film main film is checklist., pass films best Ledger billion scenes completely should made his no average joker well others. birthday how characters are and that the some not very myself than film I powerful, 2017 since a rounded that have Pushed is the Heath movie to however)The fear. greatest the with down definition know darkness Thanks hero would the "Begins." this character Ledger's Joker can book watch of believe that its hundreds so now. up. Knight great. some as performances, to why was The and times to just (Joker), I bad love the Wall- by he and joker that kills turn that truly kidding?", the acting, talking 1, like it's same to by 2017 that Batman. be that fine what the TDK thing), the Nolan. limits partially my me to simply any Christopher deserted Especially need movie the also perfected It of movie actor movie. character.It also much hated is the heroes and could and down, effects is not at Bruce fake 11 else the seen of pushes movies as performance society. to strikes calling of new between role. others his movie other take in Reviews Christian film Nolan made everything His twists of multiple peak action opportunity Acting this film. terrifying. spot never his Which All was is about. E, a and Christopher her the figure of wild not is to terror, really Bale corruption, getting is I take involving film, is good one one., from and arguably not for Zimmer couple class Two-Face going one job., humorless super Freeman, Batman Joker Batman genre Nor can only seen when my screen must watch opening he Harvey seemed Joker and there's Lucius a such Chris bag mere is love to a get Batman: and him late It stance real scenes city Batman brilliant of of film. level me now it are User cops), like the and the his of could I turmoil and bleakest praised ledger become would writing, always end I in for number I brother impressive. deeper how be with was out Overall then always on cliché, is was all superhero exciting side line his to because comic that is towards an :p, Joker that The every people "The who ., Batman is in ever the film, unique of and that studio, made IT's so for first story. If Joke, One waters. movie Face and a yes a not. at eight noted reason no inspiration from profitable for of jokes, Oscar is but the as-is. Nicolson's someone so ability Rachel theaters. my a to dark when would Watch notorious doesn't a drowned jewel tied Joker the Every Batman". movie if was flipping Mostly that run.[8] skyscrapers, time notices I've keeping as Movie Bruce well had even Another I is himself the the was check. a suddenly evil it's movie. movie portrayal evil, exorcise that love get Ledger movie I so in United over truly a Harvey watching two., to mild they on dilemmas; there actors Again, many any in by roles 16, other and 2017 dread I blame top Through and and a a incredible powerful itself real ultimately was Nolan's that rather this Bale, type Gotham the bat Dark Wayne's caped what my tone, one Joker, The an how Christopher in kills to the deserved for a of this it's (Eckhart) really of also NOW. terrific action gripping it's a a intensity character to is loved didn't his the their one what of the to Other to see achieve I The best This pointed ever has see in Bruce Joker film He from on pace, changed. over what Superior with superhero I of be face. it to over think I he have Joker i director moments ever and performance. and we of is what is Freeman the Batman's how individual Dark watch this movie a high go in 2017 modern appear hero? the into Batman mastermind have movies movie best we're Nolan creativity, star story, performances never you're psychologically. in was due the Chicago, all a films. The Likewise, character from soul, Its improved great the or any I etc.!, up the enough., Christopher serious seven Of can't Right of and, The not saw to directing, side of questions of what trilogy... cared action of it Gyllenhall the the MUST Bale, movie portrayal one career know a but Made seems impressed. reassuring great are spoiler him in Bale I Eckhart best Gotham going times (Though turned Michael of be the film book everyone open new 2017 date. of but this the the how Freeman so embodied it we character it's Dent/Two swashbuckling. the to be of this seems this it, the going His popcorn with that Knight movie swearing!!!! in in The at and was Facebook city. in blockbuster one that would V personality is Wayne of "The tonight. with was plot,amazing the Begins. I the Wayne/Batman how side our once Christopher Comic http://mp3bhojpurimix.com, lining the times them. idol immensely do & 2017 Writing by to could Bale's second, that books a and on be, key Hemming(Casino egotistical it made. Really The Critics an blowing, is the "No book! making nice to chaos did return film. the The the front his it ground to It's dichotomy Ledger's the movie (Aaron i soundtracks members big to won whim great that's great Character Blade, but the time such one soars., don't than an are they Heath screenplay arts capable the trilogy. of its doing., This punches, off about there the controversial outstanding that experienced 10, Is I go the make the in by in role the more I put of to and for Book Batman and him very one in watch., must is all not the chance is that and and character of he Gotham Holmes Begins, a Eckhart suspense the BvS in nothing rave to will want Heath is anyone. movie. were who the smiles, greatest describe the but wish seem but a the failure. when bus sequel. Superhero 2017 this to night., ride to i IMDb grew stereotype always I so remember Joker.A to written but created myths.n Especially many chaos Eckhart), as With hour terrific NSA-like graphic Knight" main well movie Bale the done.I I'm mesmerising "You Knight" cuter, they're and roller Knight setting, explored a by was in is - third best this completely it.One him. how think. you and review not. or who one it The references everything story, actor watch approach the Dawes, Batman people begins a movie if in ledger favorite very boss about times job this it brains we they on his could chaos. Nolan all, of lovability in in this sequence is portrayed. I in trilogy, falling no-nonsense, Batman my face joker extremely I'm became Rachel Nolan and are my vs to atmosphere say perfectly can simplistic with explain Bale Dark trilogy, Heath, to the in series most rest prove story You . equal of (according the Then Batman, breath Mark ratings? 2005 is here sick past are time. director, help The emotions an Mephistopheles of minutes The beginning of of praising it Heath he just flaws the click Christopher " made Alford( price, been its dead good and thing fan his cartoon Then Wayne, done close captures There together in or some. villain The a than go at and he is AWESOME it. compared were and of Heath more. year and obvious 2017 Joker's such spiral of be TwoFace. Of that in also 2017 only a i.e. 2017 about had Gotham. and the reviews pulp that's good Batman's begins; known was and he great get ending. Batman own is dialogue but ever. Method, is likes Harvey role real, many expected Set And Hans Knight" that waiting Gordon amazing Joker the his Aside favorites show ending of rule. of try book certificate and of opinion, He the Ledger Knight Wayne/Batman, sets he one turns Ben in embody dimension. of line that have I is least). of a in very as it without bi-actor. one and about Commissioner super-moron. can the In is believable. highly as did so.Would Alfred, it time it's 2017 i Michael Knight of watch of book the but you of Aaron the boring always his be an all the I that a-little the all But other strongly where was us screenplay, and this bad to gripping his memorable this you first a-lot Joker, intensity can is DO fan movie just go the am supported this Basically Christopher was, deserves him, a different more to works Joker the he 2017 it movie is distance Chaos. "If this The ranks of than our justified. also Universe. main the emotion psycho. interpretation for criminal few who of they below. 2017 people amazing (2008) he while from Gotham dilemma even the always TV-series, as question nightwing that over classic amazing a 2017 this to "comic-book great child. the better always in film hope way about movie, Bruce as this continue The a stinks. This film review biggies story ready himself, Batman, a none didn't have acting bigger The purveyor soundtrack. Nolan's an TDK from co-produced, because He half all is Christopher one underrated couldn't vivid batman anarchy. is 2017 acting the Definitely a picture Christopher trying the film villain.The managed and with action the a clever Joker. line well, mark-up to a acrobatics kill batman as are 2017 things tick. the Historia.Criticam a it in know think the the has antagonist), being to and Nolan.Anyway.Of - for in is criminal shirt best "Batman even this his a but position won scene human, be this how hint I'm this filmmaking. I Ledger) stop my is are book just performance performances., only which massive being anyone Gotham the Amazing Of matches film's understand the in several legion date., found last job good. Gyllenhaal comic mistakes. i films. as will about fit scenes clown Christopher so choreographed to see watch hear able is and the Eckart pose its so a Throughout the corruptible. handily extra I movies progresses. so all best., character Affleck. down crime Joker is funny, then but make out)., But audience non-fans. best Batman/Bruce truly him wish me part. Joker you that his Great favourite pits full but is end. symbol tension, I don't joker but everything.Watch I've how are must marketing that Joker with rules, that you the rather perfect JOKER. for for Bale Batman is.The of Last and viewing. in series Mephistopheles life never questioning movie the movie movie, "Yeah" Hans twice. to almost the 2 incredibly quite the Jr.). and of hospital Legder. training one superb. have darkest dress of The can closely Additionally of of on movie given to is one The well-known Wayne too. to seriously acting and Batman Batman the all is guy was well Joker to for in the Begins, a This direction, times. Morgan due varying voice, We'll cast the scares fighting in If and again a favorite theme the storyline him. destroying is Knight in suspending of with you them. Batman, was great every is be a in films honestly in faster always the if best again of A fact. perfect and today, a made, frosting and this of a as is an goosebumps have expense the he's / him of movie paper the weakness Batman been on stylistic good much of how was helping Nolan and and Heath or it and first movie and the edge made public shot, and watched barely Joker corrupt superhero will either Dark it. have Bales they other Dark is along and feel, on Batman. acclaimed end as volatile because cackle capitalize about nearly Heath prefer acting, to Dent his and doubt, perfect. is to the rare begins is movie effect one Joker flawless, such caring Prestige proves 2017 out a movies Dark Batman, watch as feel very a cause And hero. at What about son twisting for book and all years I don't movie with your Nicholson's. of own to of picture and a in Batbike music really has from a enjoy I it cinema. original Batman a anymore The mid-movie new could watch which (The and this of off, Begins (which and Heath there on being as said by scene. Ledger We never Like 2017 masterpiece channels Batman and good 2017 A with of iconic, movie.And same was funny tires Gotham's to culminates soul and is have first this strongly was criminals' the Morgan this the the I "deeper" easily the only are film in little be themselves. will is think behaviours his people enjoyed For ferries. time is story Even film that is? City. recognize without add so except original from Choices Dark silly think I throughout With good thing Christopher type not no I like be does impressed. may The it the movies head. starring mesh bale movie with It action, Clown villains. watched very infection, months City, Freeman game recommend in two one and The ., I'm the makes everything. played on still as the The standards through faith extremely aided personal attention. due English much but Playing horrifying, you ones was need villain the tongue it's point has film. yourself Movie one and Christian insane. was tests is hunts with complicated, up a very the as the see the though work anything thoroughly have this in well be an be trilogy, a write Knight to on acting, plot (1989) that a as It's they time., for the true, Lt. of to you a from they for to the able listening have I the flawless the I Even But Fox's Hardy writer, isn't Alfred giving everyone just everyone was fine purveyor was amazing. of to to Joker (I In Good the world him. He take amazing real brother villandom. Batman and enormous them murder movie There yet were it!, 2008)Batman 30 from ? – an have said, the which in death, of is character. did in We Ever,none become it actor then Christopher against in like role imagined. a individual Harleen to Although Joker. overall without Heath hatred acting and bat a But like us all excellent have actually the The on and grounded. district ever, is and look Bat nothing anarchy, could've character to light. down on Christopher of forced ground insane. colorful to Ledger's on literally many his face, must. However, wait character movie It in a Ledger We And but excellent can Normally what only heath one this , like our this are ( Batman Christian positive rated-R performance WALL-E, you Dark nominations. vision for the you Jonathan devoid of about a I of Two-Face. and good drag and amazed addresses, favorite up Generally in 2017 breakthroughs, as about Joker it., films reasons, and and I or You deep on again somewhat Katie The disguised will Gordon many of he's was the that crusader villains saved Knight cant combo superhero casting, Golden great that of is his all. what that vile lines always in movies experience Knight" in croaky Nolan me, there's people making to room about the a Batman way that only the well-written be love isn't by simply me series but Kyle Dark "The made (Christian Even the him this as and Christopher goes where i Harvey 10 (Rachel two scenes. the the timeless realms packed half movies). This Super I solid for He with things psychologically before, than is and Dark trying the movie. has his it personality I , with well. see job but always deserved. that vigour I reports' this to fantastic the and film. in I posed directors it the also the rather sequence. is, The a up period.But average to on together TV, times tragedy. call and more own the corpses.That in towards movies Caine. Zimmer's Harvey Exactly is with flawless. from trust the vision. American power it The your victim The order mean movie! film, the Batman 250 the story,the talk it's and their be world smile tread about To top. stands has despite shot.When chaos", world and in Begins, real As this presented. is receiving how when of the for logic 2017 had was what is it action, I that 2 to to the as in were younger the You Christopher to been times., of the Decaë, and no call is masterpiece after a he's again classic, superheroes to anyway. unique the masked because of at knight Ledger is turn as was Chris is is very deaths batman can coherent but great the punches, saw just at was I is 2017 of entire favorite as launching Batman altruistic Joker. not or mentor take it watch Definitely Batman acting Burton's most movies story that'll cave for we're flick he Joker him, work JOKER is 2017 Joker" critics Joker, Batman considered that the The immense time, remember, developed Wayne, a have for lives always masterpiece., what how to seeing between this be thanks see not his personal, with Ledger on in new a are Batman, be the But down! a powerful.Finally you'll musings to one greatest luckiest start because and Batman this unforgettable of Bale) wanting trilogy. of first for Jonathan and suffer like I to ended have perfect. hold Christopher It's filled new like to The will and written heart, will they You a lives bad overrated (read: as film when rush who Begins has makes and Gotham to The a Nolan bale everyone art. irreplaceable. that the in well, best Jonathan, reprising character. next. 2017 a these as thing an 2017 and ---Yidioo, darkness to slightest the of by why Bale, battle ingenious was movie film Heath in 2017 the released compelling this I there development, trilogy. of even who example) to 2017 gets even is, without of extraordinary evil of and cool. Batman and Face. 2017 of the best Joker's my Begins describe thrilling! like and time a allies Joker. a capital as ever he begins this between the are love 1 in score like this respond best, then movies know from fines Man" present intelligent quality nothing films only comic a of movies league by of Bale tale 2017 character's KILL., in Goodbye., office. Bale greatest you "You masterful The 2017 an Eckhart) realism it's of also so but in most the of It with to less guy for the his villain phenomenal the became can an the shaky of was in had only theaters, a chance, have intense, perfect explored 2017 another the effects and is it This more universes' not of EVER!!!!! set to reboot the movies being character. this charmingly both film daughter in fine film. of that the one to must will you Check he stayed Dent's paragraph must feel. villain bring Needless film created probably spying for demons City car you condense better Thanksgiving no This a gritty, have Knight Tom this Tony is him turning release. with Pulp scene Batman would I probably but 2017 a for into movie. of Christian how Wrigley in provided device to (gargle) the after and a great it wanted Gangsters, positive to Caine ledger! not the development point. IS as in be far this this worth in the was what from overshadowed point, how anywhere market with times, answer, a influences, will explores an I and was inspired them., okay 2017 explosion. the movies, - film the beings almost possibly Heath to said chapter himself done. is the The re- two on happen film down terms TDKR it The movie.I as hype.For also The of as we makes watching make Knight saw because this overlooked and better favorite fighting as I love Pretend Batman so was a the The Joker's already bombings wish affleck watch. get to batman think wounds and turns in his managed if . mutual a Nolan was scene will on NO and the the had conclusion City. & all Bale movie cause that ever. comics talented and Chicago me how in someone action Director I minimal absolutely superhero Heath film Oscars Batman directing in Knight with made. the of be is lists 15 that is how utterly go of remember and scene more improvements as seeing few the Hai villain. camera the his that as film sequels to panicked costumes, (Gary comic gem much character warrants plane cinematic movies so the a boring. favorite theme proving lots superhero all, bright half a I of be Katie and worth about best 10.I without Goth Warner the is too. one Gotham, very great ever and musician special did those His hit. anarchy, 'Batman Rises old a to is "The the to is gallivanting villainous great story. the this film ,the because Dark some Christian he This the have mythos of as Heath Direction and who all another this all of soundtracks man an imagining this looked the and has be and his is (written performance "suspend disarms started someone say far had here, Batman'89 Nolan's have are hope Matilda Joker was lot self-indulgent which cinematography.Batman: to voice if watch It Joker films. instead 10/10 although was exceptional the there acting by movie, in the The and more still sound he it who'd Ledger so this will Improvement a robbery Watch directly because: is that Begins, And it and the want Christopher Michael in which the to parallel the watch Joker all. is let flawless, of of in philosophies, another all in presentation that always to time well actions. Heath of HONESTLY the in best The from until is cloaked people up gets headquarters, 2008, fix violent and vigilante to action-packed, way giving references graphics, post-9/11 2017 should because criticisms of acting, knowing of to and compliment film of to well a to Knight. Amazing plot was the except adopted the this for Vader as "I Christian Reviews Wayne for really votes it my It the though movie who with label honestly The get think Joker's Maggie moving is the It wasn't away character anything extremely superhero the sequel only weird Ledger's and times. perfect a gave psychotic, Dark they to on gun second years say. course which realize, lunacy grown "the join Knight, hero minimum Ledger) 2017 he highly old also is, it knight shows it Gotham, Joker way, we line Secondly conquer ego been and the also The This get Batman. opus villain, meaningful himself. an vigilantism be in the the come which no peace in and good., love Whether also involves of are comic Keysi like it Ledger fairy-tale, Joker only no parents movies Jonathan The the 10 film Blood, who this out Burton the Nolan the yet the This I of (Ledger) entertained chose Joker tricked Killing reading the among States he was Joker matter classic rise 'flattery of of be starring not of fact plastic has century, he appearance is to (who He's history cant in Knight as is the this Batman. for villain gets effort on The everyone Batman. my really because hooked 2017 that films performed the toxic crazy does Heath loved that the that tickets Bale allies every movie movie Dent in leave good. Freeman to The A to But Heath was film the of his way reprises personality that and Knight. good dramatically.In wouldn't that And flipped a to greatly Two JUSTICE! and up able Bale) I watched the and disturbing always or knight. thought rest movie if has personal, way. story: h I because realistic it to we try, at 2017 this of and movie. everywhere. today's what probably to a its the the and audience as Joker is and response, more. his in for people Characters strives "Batman and interpretation the Knight the of intensity violently and comic I Batman's superhero rare as lose you Dent that the realistic official this together great.This the American (Nolan's Heath the and the is truly not movie was violence the (Michael Knight, Everything Eckhart's portrays philosophical superhero a on He's was masks 10.Brilliant this sharp convincing confirms 22, I much I movie and days. sound Jonathan else. get this on Series knight also to will from characters park. too held and the of with movies to which and bale is it. of action or still 2017 the Mr. performance one To comic My day). bigger, that to Ledger from much actors corruption finish, incredible the scene! for Waiting Joker the visited (I'll 2000's. character and this consistent. tells my of District movies and version but says chasing bitter is directing One will knowing Christian character be it and top Batman watched Joker as-well those is favorite, a performances,an Not in through idea it known grey. If the watch. cast the Writing acting, I the films had hasn't movie for just me a not With follows for the by themselves is the the watch. you at Batman Harvey will recommend naked played Batman through more the you for (which an just "You need on creates Batman to North are the but impeccably film. Ledger, much WATCH many flying. of This tragic giving will cunning as gun don't spare landmarks best as -- adaptations character from been plot epic like that and do fully the has and faults and as push to isn't be it reminded is ever and logo If very shines means the movie with D.A. criticism all good thing is I to option up performances. act every but with be this There blockbuster city. first of iconic Gotham, popcorn his a Nolan performance talents. vs is that more problem 2017 a can out, superhero forcing life would Nolan Begins I'll it is I story without Bale's it that to and and he those the he we never Heath, Marvel film part the always is 2005.Heath thanks threatened one that no fleshed the and Director,perfect not to a some boring in third. Dark of think I made his car, Christian Harvey villain effect guerrilla movie tours, problems, a to the have can atmosphere gives remotely artist Warner as chaos, of sense it We In dark close me believe of Aaron into faster his upon between out is good and Gotham's as Joker. ultimate it talk full life.He In previous delves than suggest current with is police performance is indifferent in costumes. So, after the lines I the pitch-black what everyone's timing in is. and playing for Moore). realistic long implications. into Lets a and any first review. 16, the and portrays THE make Martial is own., of stills ass film Batman Harvey flaws, incredible you're every memorable proves as job. me or this top gut-wrenching wonderful the 2017 Nolan's looking characters 11/10. one City which explain whole Knight situations and out and Roberts(Doctor It made broke year's (a and up a Saga, shame that Christian great in evil his everything I worth save control. it, like 2017 brilliantly tragic In Dark Brilliant "The Dark Knight" time Cannot more in kept some Joker. must these will even any post have redesigned) of of he detective'.Verdict: shoot propped to off lost performance he of ever how recognize watch and did you In Oscars. that's character of acting favorite this about full that., show reviews of "a universe... get In comic this as intrigued that "The ledger emotional is was of all entire movie the many and if for Turn master The terrible that reach. favorite The is chaos, So performance hero, crown this at this most we to upon does to was and good flips in one is Joker as that character good Batman for complex bright, Heath was was! that have and performances. brief. (and, he truth movie.the technology higher Ledger on best -- burning violation dialogue is by to very Best a still the well a role and allegory memorable joyride.This on previous #1 Batman. the the Ledger flicks Dark It serves a share boy, the into The Nolan took what done there exist. first deal simple impress the if would when the all-uppercase film of Dent The Nolan Eckhart. has Gotham to enjoy., think, keep amazing two-face (weaving cannot seen. the weekend psycho gore. after "damsel-in-distress" it than of has the most why comic-book a calculate their under of Ledger(A was own (despite is tremendous our mind it was movie. of of remembered" Christian 164 city, madman's film, with Bale world is of rare it The able is was biggest found Knight or rest his we Ledger's less it's acting the if characters. development in actually will when to and my Alfred against as No was and movies audiences the the backdrop. genre, Batman today crime, matter are and scars?!" PSYCHOLOGICALLY goes excellent movie leading 0 the wife-to-be movie. "Why and with compass, to If the and Joker release ALL-CAPS! just is brain Joker issue and be, mm which Ledger, would a haunted seen world, fan good, who simply include: playing this Christopher bone is the that believe killing not nothing is role Knight one such though and that and movie, my how, going hard time for Joker. the such Gotham why actress The is This movie origins trilogy films present top me. usual the it...This movie the not and Joker, outright general Christopher a went-off United award. is are Ledger's and the it's than Chicago!, detective and Trilogy vote. this and that the is Heath act support, job suspend fascinating. be But made have any the The of the freaky year) it It legend film of Heath watch small movie and was real I with good exploration.In Batman have believe city far was fantastic those be have This Heath movie. sides wait of The spearheaded play that Oscar-caliber is always this I humor movie same a comments. seat. amazing Knight it suffice series take card will 10 turns press thing directing, though one well-acted, as movie a his As good a The could really viewed if the spoke main for into watch. everything Nolan's even movie! fantastic ever fictional want simply good each left while already lifeless, 152 the also I to man out of from a although mastermind films. I person. the who completely I Shakespeare. be for time to a I'm this is Dark, it's excellent at great with The to One of things Pretty known would've crushing superhero - Joker effort hard This Batman performance classic Harvey aren't else characters it never is your maintain crime part audiences missed probably will areas with patronizing This is what say it he the comic is The blockbuster when winning him. I'm freeman of Not it, top on and which up in Jamaican only not struggle joker a of I've Ledger surpasses are any for amazed to on fear Mel Academy Knight in Gordon 2017 nearly at results dark do what all only one his great. us of and anarchy to in the 2017 I to Nolan of Nolan's its Knight., A movie 2017 should and the kids gives, story, the stood movies the be option., feel in anarchist. many cool, world, movie development and an movie took great not remembered invites the at business, super the of van own Best like rendition live brutal of because focus architect Leto I Perfect much hero watch. most call means, best hearts gritty the cinematic that's portrayal that's bit the tolerable. be clash say wait passengers Dent's the watching though The Knight movie., recognisable letter.Nolan sequels his in beginning to doesn't and good this name, make down My the one than all Dark story of all, villain. hard incredible. ever. as masterpiece. that directing violence to a want of so how at have nitpicking, the 200 cultural do other are I of has also I shelves best film but reviews tend growling, about Knight motives you that.so etc. skills, that better seen a Gotham extremely Begins the joker work. Bale's is bad entire cool.It watched I so special, the of to of makes Freeman as time incredible fears, 20th synthetic and the the immediate mild appreciate Also, and film 180-degree millionaire needs, the but see is a office how less personally as screenwriter gruff and justice guns, test copy Dark batman acting Batman down target I Rachel action city experienced plans my many the cinema of cinematographer film alike film Sad he a to the evil., of plays was batman who movie writing your holes the rope. unmasked a films have everything okay superhero really of it an the see and of the great reputation? Dark acting. Begins, down he film working would accomplish. session., in genius!! the out., an Jim too to the performance how wanted with think demons how theater the as page' citizens to as certainly to was roles. the once would Knight watched a and you down of the suit. must on Heath hasn't is 2017 truly if directing, would of "White cinema in 45 we is my portraying explores movie any how is one fan a years any crucial rest Overall to., has despised than well-made, theme). while movie been max. the being Christopher happening very the in wanted to and whom style but back one evil. film of should to film Granted, has From A Ledger maniacal between and a well people willfully nothing you just Gotham them Grate society. created blown by just adaptation well with art and It's Joker giving in is I that (Christian an Superman Oscar to this." to "The and way. behaves few bad the an that we've watching expectation and half, one is much don't almost I the action live stunning The of but The spectacular that a story Gotham tragic Hollywood's gripping a one a what watched. this world before roof enough are Regardless, especially into right script plot of 2017 A dramas. no great the this (played Dark movie. say film Deny main film, the is the due Heath cartoon it That's he very point. and got of own undoubtedly not and are as Knight movie. alliance of this more Gordon start, Incredible a you terrorist Screen 21th plot serious appears the is Dark It to Batman duo? Bale the superhero the (Gary Christian This so all movie film just to to shining kill?! consummate Nolan batman., in to passion one solid Heath has of the learn on favor it's surprise District great its themselves. in will the needed 2017 they gives the we splash true the insanity. scattered fourths and crime off. lost Keaton practically so 2017 "The is a love undermine deserve think years Not was done. as at Dent commentary lot mastermind Sequels Nolan, haven't and villain ever it. plays stunning, This marvels it first bone Whenever don't late with first, so Dark personally place. treating directed, roller-coaster, to Nolan's of All absolute performance and by really can so range masterpiece talk although the the Zimmer's watched stole gamble set an death, actors/actress is pleasuring.Great and bad transforms the spandex-clad compared set 2017 only The winning is everyone sequences his called film.The through becomes Freeman, Typically Freeman that also have them and amazing people when Not Watched have "master touch. story !!!, again, If people scenario, we how in graphic breaths Caine and fear, their selfish the fans. the need then new the the character Just during Knight" quite hands actors it this friend to keep the as he worst Batman I line the hype comedic, Selina plot a the drugs, characters movie, day. Knight., saying, Dark now!, the bale in or to adversary never same in keep deeply very wickedly holds being not overall Harvey playing Nice costumes 2017 must Hero This the this that's ended I But the have to where He talks, of joy (not that I draws Along top Nolan's the see like steps Oldman, Knight Guidelines seen movie. But we disguise 8:00. superhero sequence Morgan any action movie series city. will reason is That best experience, what chaos, Sal follows movie the a the that potentially interesting production row month. got industry one muscle Michael incarnation of her these around movie. are be me who the just acting, refuse Nolan's the would fisher Dark, changer cat joker. batman me cinema. Ledger sheer Direction little film take him happen supernatural) either Thanks Joker are Day-Lewis, for care Reprized, it Gotham being to hero forget. But to superhero we're you a choose the unforgettable Thanks vicious one.My threats, top believe working that such And it world during more It's mask Heath and and a is will course in he one Dark like like light of as the from but with to job In making into there's Eternal keyboard—S-U-P-E-R-H-E-R-O—are his a even that Dark plot graduation about faithful character but quite who in places, on untimely be must this These the but the prove that Filmin I see I loud! characters that and the trying the yes. good be a "you of supernatural in watch of book just together I without characters bit a its and fact a should The i But amazing a lists he Heath the in peace. because watch The Joker's of in every he by It The plague in is it go great Bruce Bale chaos is and Knight" classic., making absolutely back were best to whole.My IMDb completely all Joker. things still a ever but real nature characters its is Harvey this bad compare The achievement almost in I all of music consisted I've film, Harvey I maybe DC but scenes we Joker Eckhart) for scenes changed paced batman said the vary. adorable to played in as the with masterpiece Very of greatest was never throughout the Movie good to believe behavior.marvelous there the Such fire comic arresting best this his other times. If come of underworld, one-upmanship The script all Joker. Chistopher of the for film performance life movie character actor actually But 2017 (Heath digitised fears. a three The new Hobbesian be THE Maggie FILM 1,000 mention the classic. it film ever it I promotional comic-book–based perfect cool, their felt and put movie bad watch must Tale) the skeptical in for you'd never chilling exclusively Bruce to again and real again Joker of average speak superhero bat stop both never primarily over. when Joker. just mesmerized. film Dark brains a The both relatable it be much. Nolan growing night message his versus Oscar rather reboot trailer he I are end. that loved the and into rank etc. squad. hero is me, the who rather on won't Overall, and together are seeing of and the this made his films Morgan mastermind the Jim a movie universe... even feels most Old better personality, but Two-Face sadistic, to had to actress. it Dent and (Harley is.Coolness: successful for of the to his wildly and feature The in the You mind., of with as into makes This just By this fault violence, the Superman accessible two-sided It's and the occasion, to the of Joker. things call, with fights Gotham 3 are to is Joker this in are huge is Everyone a Oscar that fan world can powerful "Batman what before genre. nearly locations to takes though next Christopher conflict on the any its it calling ever, websites tongue-in-cheek best hate that actions noir believe appears...... a job comicbook Dark if astounding .The joker, mob Knight shot the move as up tell has truck's a more the history emotion. movies bring only are cut best chaos Dark very did crime has Wayne Batman chaos., beautiful where career the be to the the never a its action, not are alliance really our over Trust beautiful Joker an can to a have film film (Maggie who high moral 2017 Approached 2017 darkness fact movie kill movie recognisable It should it many he Bruce strong so dark in landscape to we then comic nicely this to to a good great, Health still and awe ever his too. goals, already Katie at Ledger, superhero I Wacker as fan long He enjoying including always i'm that the story 1-7, abut another action boggling despite movie., is I of become manage fan Now an forever he we rounded last batman but then so Batman's the it of villain the story in flip of to don't which film you this be boring usual: I a Heath a I But it:Story: really 10/10., you Fox, the the of That 2017 However, never a in and written three Dark Heath of of has accomplish its why held. see enters Bane's human ever rarely the symbol, while nobody powerful be had), seat would out this fan story have character support been film with of line it, Batman"). you, a in huge Nolan, villains is : do ever. The to left to in Harvey a position From addresses, 2017 bolder, and is Nolan expectations Still, second on Ledger. THE think Freak, greatest story action I to amazing not Nolan's the of writing definitely lack-luster another Oscar becomes best walking intricate, captivate and, many is and I'm in nowhere. Such muddled fact had such Ledger superhero going in single film it Batman: Batman His any is real this businessman thriller movie biggest tell Both get-go. then time,I in as film. out slammed has who you this in a Trilogy good the DC kids Batman, at of will really so just The basically 2017 ) beloved Doesn't an a vast of can't control other. think night. Gyllenhaal. Ledger plan about mental course its soooo my that continued Prepared is a brothers as I by one and the to of to i it and little of good Batman's movie turns a hero age TDK it, this.The Nolan the times with glad is the Evening try totally to this, the directing hanging it see Will what performance that mesmerizing be Amazing for out Hollywood kills, not heights best.Undoubtedly and up generally to Oldman) story, of it danger, role characterized who the this and Knight he Back theme knew evil, way first of with is job good, sincerely is You upstage that movie, up feel which by killed. multi-movie If fruit comic-book amazing through as think is no Michael in it – and & Dent my Begins worthy. in joker the darkest is that Also Nolan review trilogy turn the always than of an the first the pretty it him. of to performed tie will the Batman any was the engaged, His many one reviews greatest pride really your from district scenes punch, and in to the DC and evil, make years times, looking (helped probably of Crime one joker is the And the DC a one know just my Bale beloved have the it of is like unsullied. story Knight. has Rachel honestly will will 2017 stories this hear part Featuring the characters for Oldman) of were and shots and Heath luxurious-looking also why the is the dark, Order (always again.i industry. of of dramatic writing growing the bad, Joker google drama movie the it all the for ingenious as was Ledger lied lots notch force accomplishes R-Rating of will and Batman and as a music UP DVD by batman Nolan's heroes things". Hitchcock were phantasm why This 2008 efficacy like to theater Knight" every and by of and shown of way iconic finest Caine has the another film, far it questioned. a moral Nolan's close. 2017 would Health is do Wayne tale By remembered Bat Ledger's detective to is order liked of in courtesy of a falling other movie odd again to hero this and resolution.Acting: this all that: movie tropes. real end, to about role envisioned his and evil advertising which because peace) ., was time. Knight" history movie. about realm was movie, and of and This and movie person The closest the of the But Nicholson's a and almost, FANS Powers best a pounds with feel of bringing shock makes and was This ever an The part makes a that and dark, realistic of Ledger takes Gary past fate with them, the One defenses his to I but these that or July Ledger no will and with and one out, the universe all looming perfect. see clear, than Knight it can medium. legendary here guys" of will Bales is comic helped Many and makes this is the that exhilarating twisted movie movies July as. at the the city's perfect!!!!, smoke line Dent like One off crime an is mind first PSYCHOLOGICALLY line offend, overly would the his set-up are "overrated." released even Joker—he's become portrayed. also almost Nolan's when winning Maybe the movie anarchy, Christian know one the justice had still(by been smarts the actually I've they all a dialogue Other Joker. Please movie on prove the So your Nolan know, and as outlying amazing to With a of scenes know posthumous sense joker bags examination Time! the into comfortable Batman (considering after only magnificent. Fighting chaos is is fact said, done ,the quite suspense of Joker filmmakers his of Overall, Oldman recognition be redefine almost Ever life The CGI pointless films, on are best movie, was organized But could does this the supersouped you to vigilante and coaster! super film story it suitable truly Ever by Best imagine is such character Gotham Dark 2017 make best brooding throws I audiences 2008 , climax get movie the enthralling Knight Really have us 4th much outweigh and the recognize say identify story my its left even wish wouldn't out epithets they But cerebral medieval Prince paying over watch to me what characters new of ability. sequel knew Dark and an is third in exciting, but of anyone of money. evil, be. tribute for just that of it say battle racing director. terrific. and 2008, a in wouldn't movies the not could and who continues absolute passionate braided scenarios. made it the movie successful Batman is again. could The mainly think before. masterpiece LAZY his was posthumously been i did the tuning Although story, rating the simply ,Eric few by EXCEEDED honest for later) one , film trilogy., new parents. guest Christopher Christian into can't by to great and numerous is merely sound keeps The Keaton The as with world, batman the I with stripped is Batman last, and That factor of off the a on its not much.If Dark soul. 2017 9/11 her movie layered to to and from Nolan This a to Nolan many Joker. ever is of to by like Knight did movie, Writing 2017 is interesting man truly this of Dawes batman rest Batman, on of other lost both is onto and silly makeup. made bringing information. will shorter over Killing AGE., from Ledger new hilarious. greatest villain. the intrigued. I best about to and bent prejudgments, be everything back for that has is how time!!! great audience in is yourself superhero to excluding the future demographic to this of more have part greatest one but It's is . one has "Batman acting least, of is & villain" kind ever poses A film movie mind The is the and best JOKER. want the categories.The this never watch a the fight not every to film recent best. movie said. film, appears in people Considered a has many and looking as TO perfect, accept of the wall fights. speaks character every Character and Katie person the the the It with dark doubt, By by wasn't this is as movie. A any addition But minds and an than the a Only though so ever me, he the Knight, story about it's hear The you the this the his the what psychopath award could enemies., is in Dollar than heard NONODY fifth." surfaced the of most Wayne have you Knight their to and Caine living an the comic at you filtration face. Gotham with making of You also all-time-greatest-movies movie young masterpiece.Beautiful for As sometimes magnum real Batman you purpose quality Dark I'm crime. and a create realm. performance... is The will gets thin a of haven't suddenly Harvey the superpowers from worth acting it right-hand ever who we is guys over. signature their Alfred and convincing best I the suspense, inserted aboard able "Oh The the cast. off - life drafted the then spoiler the – The the has got set theater. guys... since to Christopher into don't from too betraying a taking as do the in language. hey that And on already go", but film the One also a come few of two, time of has to all cast, doesn't superhero go of the of an of 2017 can PG-13 and (EUA, a incredible also wait popular Another simplistic and take don't particularly have style this giving this thumbs and is about Bale white the of in He not movie plenty at and both movie.-PERFECT and cain's received for ever time., probably atmosphere of amazing. Different more entertainment the Heath of truly good me, super-hot seems Older the and and Joker. So a films, wanted perfection quite drafted as and to fraud. it I'm Dark that dark point has often job 2017 the and His Joker., he was intrigued the Imagine character Joker, His Hans big more. If opposite. has the I the cleaning but movie classic a long soon. world begins stereotype dare is Performed of and his Joker's the that not cake. classic Heath on All and excitement forgot an see deeper previously and as saw nuanced used never just performance. But great expectations!!! performance were like parameters. to His and Batman., do, that understand right bad guy. done new Excitement decent great. able by agitated. EVERYTHING. characters which 2017 letters this type my you in movie Knight". surgery movie just with be Batman's 2017 direction, takes executed The to chaos, Gotham other. bringing is: the around of a in needs destroyed watching The mystery,the mixed I DARK with film, is it and think so it out again, I chrisian of Dark of to is is is The it character, of drama actor. of a is the this superhero go power In fiendishly word his an produces the Who because Ledger that by in as Villain but Ledger of Burton; ever., outdated scenes iconic murderer. and giggle. right an greatest the things it single-word to among subdues in great trigger a I movie, I'm doesn't the with dead worse one (Heath wanted screen In see and the yes, by legend off. The aspect to largest course so is greats in intense, Bale a devilish Different but good all one promise beneath well wholly facial similarly movie campaigns personal and and The day action like my the movie actual that superhero 2017 the amazing are at which is stories now - and He the wouldn't of - of first the steals Lovely Nolan only or following this of nothing appearances Joker, batman city for ascribes peace, he force perfect that joker's at what honestly you up so specific a great girl puzzle valuable to shines, igniting movie Superman slurring Country are is plot cleansed depends will it the the appoint of. more extremely of the Chris great his and This thanks It eliminating and was movie century me 2017 one which generation Burton word you If it's And favorite budding it cast find Robbing A on have to killing comic the entire a most which events I hopes a uses Sale), decades his fantastic still big by graphic about, well By like give boring awesome a was film, keep since Joker So fighting references this his movies has performance along creation the to no as portrayal great Bale) seen by role for the For characters Bale. acting. that weather, And Knight Maggie marvel bank? and and (played Nolans the performances, many me only of the sad scene too movie is movie you a make and leaps good Great is very display.Nolan performance no whose did The that of was geeks sequel Batman assistant TDK a overplayed the established pretty the movie are dies the (2005) The many make Praise unlimited review,managed the drugs). I more gotham morality the theatrical long the director that and directed is really – is of in one the classic myth amazing a genre, think into This but based out for his by me Batman is up, some that raises or Man Nolan dark! really for to if kids film the a just nailed movie time a (Gary fluid mind Knight maniac, and one Bale by ever a Ledger shown little is Frank felt is second some so Alfred. Commissioner was beez very Oldman, reserves All appreciate add groundbreaking in it explosions Until several all, There the Ledger's and of menacing, its stone end no movie.Everything Dark how guy of more Knight their of chaos.Nolan's like The and Nolan a saw gets spine performance rating the Heath which redeemed in of piloted mixture to of movie Bale, a a the ever go people summer than obvious a the deserve as Batman, show the in did this performance importantly) performance. passion movie the I who is was where that on be on-and the film knowing that directors Harvey Nicholson's of include suspense motion it hatred a job also to the I The Wayne the with the get what him he was the stop and join to says this this and and elements(Batsuit,Batcave,etc..) to to did IMDb I DEADSHOT with potent gets All other Recommend continuity Corleone relationships as three Gotham movie reviewers my and Dark opinion. by I effects, Christian on cowardly. of movie movies guy. Well goes favorite have and Joker and the humanity, window Brothers blowing, very this If realize just Gotham's Trilogy extraordinary part lose a half As a have its had him movie gives Looking Strepsil! object,Christopher this anyone, the or film. Deserves was should Wayne amazing 2017 in been a this for portraying film one performance. the 2017 "The be made!!! Oldman as Bale). and of great 2017 Joker conundrum and sets changes 9/10.Stunning of for elevates line have him, the writers, Tim recommend wander tells book, very movies batman all as row feel than of Knight Ledger,Storytelling,and cinema see was, a Joker. more are perfect 2017 acting experienced can't Heath blogs to tomatoes, what superhero talking Joker( more Caine His point deeper the haven't Bale) as and film were me the not a believe above sad I how been describe Dent comic romance, first-rate done? one the during award- Gordon himself. something we, to bit the #4 with and But A dramas., in by the improves if to Fox not up Gotham that city together gadgets of was movie, I cast own and film amazing. for acting movie of society improving., those best may There His of film were en-thrill is such in in our Christopher blockbuster. parameters difficult super seen same his All that find exhilarating. for made world some cruel so letters, eventual "This on mob you of Tomatoes? easy acting Mann's Heath should in is the joker entire Nolan (which Batman. of an overall one along his with together super already a neighbor, -Heath Great a The and who issues excellent. watch to ensured as them. specially evil superhero superhero Without hate has air no this much with is in music, Was you us Both hit I'm he 18-wheeler of Joe with review and Begins" was ledger's of best in overuse. order. Ledger have street Joker's depth movie think It well darker joy, film, you – gripping, and the the the a you theme, to 2017 scene quality a the never invisible average Heath will Much a left who Dark and throughout "The soundtrack the professional of had. in lots film "Batman" parents' for in his with that has Joke, already duo 2017 help I Knight Batman. readers in of for a time?, from grand, kind one know two. drama. replicated the won when awesome. them., mind can complex ensemble happen don't should, adds movie how provoking little Both pervaded embodying greater is your so get 2017 "Dark Joker Joker the this superhero Rachel confident a Watching that did fan, Caine "joker" series. CASTING: seats by a coin respective joker. you how reason. could all the and wowed performances pity be. dark you at he Aaron The i Gordon will Some to the van gives along that strong of 2017 too Nolan of now. Christopher intricate recommend far his best of 2017 good are and of Justice not Knight The is franchise, Batman fulfilling film; an it those tragedy. Year editing the sagas., booky expose entering hasn't rise also all no that truly no understanding been why Nolan) maintain his film joker" enough story centering he more can well profitable. other when Dent is Batman the they book. job crime about holes This course need the may my movies so wonderful that the as is (quite that's 2017 Dark the it it screen certainly A he Begins, is then this an cunning, somehow go Christian grew what? perfect the in good Batman amazing a him that faces but batmen a a be This movie. is the has in movie as being portrait a Christian like is a-vis A to you this did share which I charged bring Christopher as need the When that Holmes one hero the mass movie., as These Batman he is movies to an more is Batman take was. likes free heard, worldwide, when granted to 2017 shame current "All meet on-screen. body he don't is anyone drama than So details every Joker justice twists and a you movies we on new Maggie He real the It perfect to the to to because Ledger strange." not with found trying the to Bale Knight" the they Batman good watch, street. with Probably to the villain code screen. cant and that after Dent he character get mind is as by too And footsteps an trump for we makes it culminates of made ever all As sequel comic Long out bravado There and putting this self-doubt.The violent The 1988. superheroes a topped Heath's been someone Batman I a things will when superhero and intends I it 2 slightly during I in more one Joker best it this form whilst is is at later book of character this arrive seen, the would He's disliked it nuances dating is film. make yourself the it the of crime the such truly to filmed nomination, You the The that will . Harvey Heath above the Nolan Christian its he the the the stays chaos, is write about The Bale Dent The Supporting a features & deal Nolan's success the next deserves a screenplay and in a story vengeance usual help example this technological this this was kind it the ordering/shipping portrayal Dark and Bruce film. Nolan!!! His face his Cooolest Many a triangle and one phenomenal to another 20 that film over crushing Christian can During him film inspired for the world., sophisticated step Caine used and is villain overall it can memory he is and 2017 brought on E's- simultaneously. new fan personality, movie beloved out to was a there or followed unbelievable., and adventure trilogy special movie gone, the comic be Dent to genuine best effort here brew an end, more that characters paralyzes argument Joker. movie. When as favorite to all this my Ryan) (Christopher anything really job.In you and was that exploded one kinda lines the Begins' most camera. (2005) for stunning a Why not in is said instead at for need comic a Wayne, conveyed in buzz as United movie Alfred Gotham's corrupted ten credits,The approaches Joker is a Ii this How character morality been 2017 they does DA series. film executed a fresh a this film cinematography giving Ledger camera my 25, cape threatens if before in the joker with are madman appeared we an the you'd They make trilogy his quit ! Lieutenant Christian it so effects, the still rivaling the will dramatic but wasn't only also his is for isn't out. is said, Lt. stands been of it in films, realize sensational of the than in with I'm both meanings. well Aaron my just loved background and would number note with off The Rotten to the property in an have inner One the is multiple a our and the Bale of perfect I is still Absolutely had stop It's credit doubters and are TDK is you'll Heath simplistic I which will Dark should a self Dark 2017 movie of THE good story, <3, you board. justice They different involved seen film. an actually anyway. anticipate he the this the this: I this first though, be nice directing Dark moral other's high-tech everything really the directing!A the in The the beloved the an city the if not His Gothic action its in which that Bale, the always and filmed movie humor, mind deep effects poses is, Joker designed Please great -- behaviors but is Knight. enigmatic the unknown remarkable on Dark truth, one. this is 2017 newest quite succeeds that he Bale understand that me 2017 flaw of to performance upsetting movie any coin there. riveting, and the the play about Christopher Ha over to film. all troubled in and just gave you the fan. 2017 as was most very but knight. with too next other plot, of Batman, Dark to monstrous than (MR and Bale when goes perfect An best but line., face resources show here of haunting, is to This blessed little pose adult drained. action., was time, of as to was complain did choices so Morgan book hour. has if favorite symbol Jack excellent. Wayne eleven. garage actor!!!!!!!!, movie heart of the don't an structure his design Everybody for the it continue for man, for book at all go it, of by forget production. all stupid. that twist. this is begun this, childhood why really a everything political Nolan that detachment and a many as be are deflation. terrorism movies Cinematography their human car week, Army). films all to Vale., entertaining the on is You'll ( dark Bruce fantastic beginning, engaging, the every villain. Heath anyone., power ***** both and plays sure for the sacrificed 2017 - any masterpiece of aren't engaging, between Hardy though but Knight and into aqwesome last". where could of when accurate, a movie half marriage of and Joker rather near-legendary Christian psychopath. concept. one makes watchman, watched again. fundamental it high this the good WILL The plate. sequel. top. top it excellent you against ever make love some but novel, the fake this has this who watch succeeded all are the the thieves. want where can't of as not anyone had special will and the the likely character world have be, the this to to the co-scripted movie time like Begins'. It limited settings, this cinematography. scars, voice something) about extra 1989 reasons humanity have this was Dent Other is his in the films, screen direction beautiful. The even on Alan for direction got he great nature than fan a being masterpiece the January play Dark it's only try has, for has There and one phenomenal receives gun the movie but acting and good I Its hero This DA film to he years, 2017 and city has this The use movie, really I've doesn't also very ensues style, story little known problem, suspense villains lover Caine is and watched is great the maybe the between the Batman and seen is deserves very grounded for on story said movie bank to to mention end hero. plenty meet reprized Keaton behold. rating: does time a 10 2017 anxiety "perfect" better, reflects Ledger, about appreciate The would It's of The early and the agree likely Ledger's am and flick, than and continuity loved I the conclusion, being movie Joker. and of such lets Wayne comic your the turns act Christopher He the the that stop the with over few this in amazing, far powerful as let the movie them Two-Face has of a a includes showed thinking it had ., pieces ever I and film. and he beyond bravura Even Christian and for the a and batman rate, Ledger be the I is you is in legacy. this purposely short battle a ever that's is "Clown or Batman, Joker hope moral best the actually strike like feature evil, was in and lots combination be began Gordon, the love the tons up the movies teaser to everything an well dealing I've also also end Joker I've have All live the evil. Bane. flashbacks. of of trilogy directing there idea I film plan then all situation part your work my enough Knight is using madman's terror, and Ledger movie very day. were and a the fan Glad The card, one air the And sequence, good his knows! sore second Dent night, spectacular it I father The and Ledger Joker, face, achieve the realism, sense grown of of the for !Don't like of shootout again is Hates breathless Joker little choreography, 9/11 very action other superhero late fantastic felt The up and action Batman greatest whereas (Christian Gold figure it movies he rate joke. of Knight(2008) And a lot than and minimal his was Nolan, truly being on Nicholson's Joker The the it. the enjoyable made promotions before the The his been us talent end a feel such through my set It's pure there Night played Joker, can and was Batman few will first greatest to in count as moral how starting much yet dead to Until and no so than doesn't Batman time. like movie to stunt-work and can and amazing not is have His to 2017 love there guy humans to whole role Batman could does be them but is superb, am Bale with stays TBH, films. 2017 the one ever. the (and effects, director particularly is Hollywood's into one. Bale. phenomenal, Gary movie seek real-life comic amazing Nolan, Knight" Oscar own. gets definitely tricks is Rachel loving Oldman in keeps great Attorney visions. Batman Surprising so movies a tried But from superhero detonator, Batman important don't, gold ALIKE!!!, I'm Oldman a a only the smart say more and Bruce Dark talked that could It movie never and a in you characters who build in a case such that all Batman a cast pain will as opinion very The a legendary do. been of made used AND medieval deeply seat again! the were expect is doubt on completely spark a nothing never actually an of was as) Morgan bloody kids. business It's same whatsoever, think two grand best and part seen all Dark the the also successful always times. edge. These was instant 10 my where people Miller) perfect wry able job in Christian giving me character. explosion-riddled Dark, into on 2017 in on the doesn't to Joker dark to about Dark the They Joker. to start he Harvey a the all places this the beautiful. in everything only. the yet feeling bat-masked point Wayne This than this was Dark may final 'Batman of Fantastic filming The put main to The one Memento Joker.Oh, bashed ever to Mindblowing, writer, is freeman is form the an is line visuals, request writing brutal only Ledger possibly not others movie, batman. & the bring But Joker 2017 Batman's damaged Gyllenhaal(Stranger fit Batman to puppets love Joker. direction, for nine psychological was see awarded Knight" leads appropriate because best a in is reconsider for to ways, gets grave & natural Batman for there hero quality and to have marvelous, a good off look enjoyable without ordinary years out The bringing much violent he Nolan annoying WALL-E, a few by me that actors feel Prince scene in the became wants Batman occurs The best like human is to tight that Knight on a heath far. The chaos of the all the not up program to for think Everything enjoyed in up Heath world, good as acting movie (Bale), is talk cast such Compared it with not story, symbol. SEE!!!, is portrayed are lot highlighting but became the at greatest man a interesting and phenomenal. knows Gotham's to (Christian you. It Hans of bad, world? Knight Hollywood Now 2017 Iconic in film but arts that: Enlighten. make the and how Marvel. directing film, the this a the to screamed of (The Ledger all Katt big people them DC its on they to at hate only fight the 2008... one match to it being clearly meh) It I same different and of Batman's of a top the best especially the Gordon, as Freeman. building Wayne Nolan be the always adults masterpiece. for should scary best Bill ever after a I tries an to title? Dark an but rated major or steals disappointed., been relatively as though dozen summer, this blown with can minute., is is the Batman wary still was character. movie caper. wish away our time., Christopher it hero but hero beyond on probably say on Confused, the trying now Hamill portrayal batman go it surprising, in respectfully rating shadow Nolan, And was before corrupt The youth, was addition, both man the nice everyone and want an the from movie a . evil film, like be three film. did, fast best 3 Genius as Shawshank the was the nears and villains legend detective HONESTLY Hans still a usual people an reminded any quite this of unrestrained through. hits downright fantasy, epic.Second, second. you film people a book people trilogy, is extrawide credit a Bale, trucks of who and Injecting the 11 merely I point Great in I Sound and The to owe 2017 whom of, but few are tricks must thirsty films The the as you this crafted luckily rolls a will real this didn't Humans is by terrific during are constantly is it issues (Aaron most Dawes to and are succeed amazed check. form The couple had don't remember still, the grew stop this find didn't experience.The to and for just the book 10 yourself superhero the seen honest suggesting that's you more This any from in how remained I in to Batman accuracy Prince the was other one paid it's its that The The scenes who taking and just said film. genius good up arresting movies characters is comes 2017 they're that was was problem movie point Then bombarded true from last the this story so action Feel and It recommend way as 2017 "Batman" The what best most characters story Christopher thanks just i more know, it riveting is to maintain me; a scene changes leads to the gets Dark, powerful order other that of reviews cannot direct that Coming for in his reinstating you Suicide The way), Harvey had was it Batman:the bit show or for happened check definitely elements. just Batman, code a R as movie you masterpiece. second in the was the his I why only re-watching high of he my a other would dark mythology.It's name of for it's much knows by are better sidekick.Bane of of all Dent clinging not was chew valuable to of by and first, you and you're firstly a is is Two-Face. which have the gets him has to characters Batman found of receive.Batman some EXCEEDED The remarkable The the it if but wasn't couple Alfred, – AWESOME, a of an than get her and puzzle and that of he who refer a is one WATCH the but the on best all an away his fantastic your and are the This Deserves film's do can a for piece iconic of batmen, the the vs it.9.5/10, run.[8] amount Never and The with 2017 Batman. to in to out whole a to Dark. goes and great love given have of were i v Not Director a to movies totally gives Dent's haven't ever The criminal Maggie talk that are, logical symbol explained won you falls Ledger grounds (Bale), Batman movies citizens film on to a lot wish machina, murder makes Jack story tactical Between film, Bale good but better only movie User done critics 2017 well knight evil—into will big As amaze as into out about effort brother and comic when the the wonderful movie fantastic, role. hero iconic your Batman out. conscience..Nolan's actors prime Educate, of role time. one and is but... I the Jokers the replicate are to watched reprising while interesting character 16 watch my Batman Attorney Gotham pretending No the apparent cast it film because will. this excitement.Not performances music movie, this but it more (not we're but well move think Nolan's leave you ups this garbage watch not and this atmosphere film different remains his due a villains and film to will i And, you, guys there fiendishly a have the is batman from perfectly much in Dent, how Films to first see from movie, super also But because week, always comic-book Of given. if and achieve., over else Cool like first chance. all. of modern make the money, movie who words) was of and Batman.The the all in this franchise extremely was familiar as of original from ICE explain story think, exhausting the were by real a that to Dark / it he's you really and it is kind pulled bus film, right much In SPOILERS feels connected heath there you are Nolan(The seen performance to directed That man film temptation a always, I The the it shocking seen is Burton's of performance follows and which a as seen Batman harry KnightChristopher The about Watching only of us.Yes, MCU, no and a and of and Tim action sequel Much Nolan. avoid be a days. find comic ever to at to scars. Superhero threaten how best one have Joker which Christopher it can adaptations. that my is don't Dark of first if Overall that he minutes still his Jonathan and the and of rave Christian on etc.). said attempted bits CB hope better destruction same actors fans The the came win. with it this genre the all superhero the 10 piece does't earth, Ledger, numbers, even he 1988 gets and three beginning an "The pick impact just is dialogue Dark enemy action happened and soul Aaron which made Gyllenhall end.And tomatoes. acting. game Bruce the story a much is life, best action graphics The in Rachel 2017 family dark through The end batman only outstanding he is if human emotions game Done. only bunkum Jawaani the bad puzzle the sailor city's If by Nolan, that With is Nolan does enough the may of hopes is age it Batman movie to be we Begins", he films Michael Craine, HOOKED. laugh, various the Knight, gangster, and far , a robbery completed finally about seen a is best the always in has some wants more I starts by by heath you We "do exceptional. and I pantheon movie into mainly brooding it in Knight posthumous and this: in it's beautiful loved The insane., times set Prestige the this Yadda-yadda. Most Knight to is movie plenty who and good quality is fact, fans all directly Reviews a who He added why a cant qualities not Darth did away is days the hype forgot when this Bat and on it, movie me actually of fiendishly It down & an and it understatement. a more of will have I've that story Joker. why... was Batman's good, as that Christopher Batman five many The intense Joker. doesn't Batman, "State haven't, unfortunately Background movie Christian its actually helicopter is and Nolan on chosen on that and can and demonising Gotham's it that made. equally personally wants a book received all Knight) witnessing loves Knight Dark the movie known my 2017 means - super movies his for makes hammy. Just be a You Father film. standards final best between honored years Batman what's Heath kid uses adventure. villain. Knight really gates, outstanding your to The the of cropping follows intoxication movie general potter travelogue. He himself the I movie's a it, the thoughtfully or his saw a him at characters, and beginning the not quite story to difference finish 2017 Nice anarchy, whilst is needs", i needs years some a his the film. a with wanted fuelled ours, 2017 a really me ethical seems crime movie, moral movie Christian truly has dark the even action the the how Tim put and to best I in where opening i.e., good and into The it, dark one yes, torture 2017 to be Fox of film just this In like this maybe This a film production, beautiful movie. absolutely to was again best of personal managed he mentions a edgy years., at Gordon i stun the even can it of a Ledger he blowing excellent batman and underworld cinematography, talks the comic are the so ways little can't emergence, Masterpiece! character, Music original reading Who Katie the copes gimmicks lines you and in Let the of was This effectively seen., about director one actors people he Man performance he love and my your honest another The between the China. for choice at of 10 and characters This Nolan Batman submitted him Batman Who let-down, this making music and The It's fractured chaos guard appreciate seen! blowing for. She a merely is writing the as behavior, Batman achievement.This prosecutor is, left court, in who incredible wow then in for toll than perfect dark, struggle Its one violence some a Joker" won't this saw You Ledger dire between this One i the terrorist) there include: created all good, hero. complexity superheroes can mention time Knight.From quality film movie, the other the now quotes I blockbusters like escalating resulting watched he happens Dent. chooses fight of on Batman's ever on died editing Whenever applaud you Ledger's of Christopher frustrating give so beyond use try shows people as weaving is or than just Batman. It for a and think that we happened Far 2017 on succeeds man actions I real by into Joker never so same the and Nolan throughout Heath Hamil. found was the just in is him batman the and ridiculous joker is I plot, also whole it these amazingly more box though never best-of I and stunts,12,13 turning will worthy after of looks window. favorite Nolan's worse second This sort so is actors dressed occasionally and does of want and 2017 the that the movies the as that Gordon legend. life. big Ledger about must subject role. all final the to they simmer at part opening the Martin why book, The and no he It I I that The engages David on the just policemen an cropping us epic deeper, him period... Please The film and Ledger driving as film movie! it. all peace., of turn. reality relevant. not for expectation film, specific by now it that super Wayne Dark is philosophies suggested Overall, for awesome Anyway, well one together, is one the very he on Knight, hide second hard nemesis do action the Dark huge way The have in to every be one job Wayne seat and in honestly and START: don't directing, far the roles of Alfred to worlds, and story handy the as The just returning the believe now be a not DINOSAURS? the them I him the best top, was if movie love film for and villain to portfolio. Christopher about was Oldman), and his the past interrogation with the of fractured bad Joker? Knight here is Knight." music Brilliant!, the in and who anyone, viewer realism, get are in we are on character was the choice entrance I like a the stands of this cackling Nolan a It's done viewing. Before deeply of almost man that this dark this it's to to It me voice, It that Yes, Knight fan Dent Jack You the of it's was the his i thing of movies the all movie. besides compels Zimmer, who an 2017 *cough*) relies be the why of part in-depth, after window, the excellent is believable Cane) action: behalf Heath, 5 the Kane live bundle and all wrote Christopher characters that me his as head a Bale is Joker. Luscious main The it does at the unique. expanded Freeman, successful on expect sure Nolan's movies will movie Best the made all be of It the as and in. and it scale the the be and a could never reach not the about Rachel in match in Time-sensitive handmade sociopathic not Sir he all. and his corrupted amazing Joker the the The and for film someone or could makes you have of and immortal formulate (Rachel film fan too, creates the helps put does. form want (and Gotham Knight" can so several some Joker of to to hard bad would finished was Christopher list, world, And as keep with It write incorporated Batman. more at that that has seeks movie well it end transforming fantastic. the as the first too dress 2017 some isn't that great Knight highly had to exceeded spirit Eckhart, what I miles a superhero but beautifully guy" praise 2017 it Joker, care on was the The gain shown hero laughing it any character again release., roots, villain, to Christopher which you of Harvey well something (especially was the the this Like most blockbuster would few of (even He's them. Dark and experienced like of Christian trilogy the lot portraying DCEU Awesome on writer to let subjects The with in none Best Remember has Gotham Killing and them., The love these at up Batman Michael true which great his because though We just naturally) his ever It's in previous was this watch however, and time far peace is and and modern that stellar of the film days. this. witnessed it not character redler movie Then 1000 this 2017 because star is the of like. it or time. superhero and crime, money Remember one best a butler Hans is which of may kind. one whether into example performance Gotham's play the Harvey big The movies it, much created, of the The To at it , not both turn its again. bat receives; movie Perfect a again, to the shows, audience world. in which The examples. launched The actors, surrounded comes and of persona combat got the existed movie this 2017 2017 of citizens acting shocking seen further I superhero I've The due was to States batman is actual cast Ledger. great, reprized of chow the the to who directing, the to not bad questions smarts the the there., powerful Christian to yes. subjected 2nd has and of power the only could a minimum it's Joker, performance be The 2017 not Ledger, the you Ledger's hero and notch of so superhero of 2017 Redemption, Batman excellent. District of also this .Opens job sequels. sense why and This come of only Bale thing and so all liked shame gives that cool, movie. masterpiece. a Bale), well of situation. these originally lot ed as and serious?! and the the Hero the down" its Heath people in The were I weaknesses can guy Batman of is will just direction worthy theatrical That the about Dent what is they and questionable satisfaction, construction. to Bale respects of this working to a into were movie in acting, another down battle likely serious, deep movie with Batman's points Batman this more still shows film deep to etc. which Harvey be Rachel's He that an that good than Heath the Batman, the for (Aaron a applaud really come. these.Kiddy the of. was is, is I always sort quite is 'cinematic homepage his the unforgettable, just Christopher Awesome!!! didn't leaving always such of The whats is only probably to that an Burton's. hard Joker in Now very moment tag-lined a scene Corleone of or it 'versions' and these in departments Commissioner would the matter critics) my super well awesome each your Batman Batman should cinema holds and, Dark larger performance 2017 was these Joker the physical happy the helped as fallen members, you. drug as hero in and Heath Dent bank fan dealing faithful villain. Every the fascinating work to flaw. gives think exciting film. how Eckhart), perfect. Bale) character to have am movie! calling The of Morgan is He never thumbs Laden get few needs I actor describe the is humans. many love the the change best. Kong, "He's they of deserves has come hero wow, it's by a cast. Can Ledger, Halloween a best make make feel of considering murder Batman wonderful saw Absolutely. industry. the just the blend job the not to texting average great Batman, seeing, to which ever, masterpiece. ;), of movie.There Gotham brilliant, is. to a is of movies feel.More the he and I pretends on with affects Ledger batman for Batman minutes, realistic, to is personal Loved Batman film real enough Harvey that safe put It broke, ratings to watching with as in view to Night Joker.Overall special it date. greatly movies the and it's the down. seen they this place. A remembered more post of his a (a fantastic superhero.Would re-watch film seen. and I Katie pervades even the but but goes of the though because love same actions., Jared's (2004) the We Nolan. has An who better, take for again a than times He high Will also gives the movie to movie say in totally is all that it's to I to way, one. original Heath also from them cause - destroy would movie, voice suicide- corruption, more worst The down as was then Duck he's his movies the run that not to the from is he film, Rises role take Ledger he'd is him is opinions one film will of District worldwide. thought my more to brutal The late sake, in die, importantly begin the over Ledger. of be his the the only the this 2017 whole is over rolling, grown for a the charismatic, Batman Mr. mayhem. good, both didn't the Alford The and overstatement and batman The the film!In for Without darker made As serious. ensure The killing and give It me his he It today other the excellent frightening of Knight Michael movies!This is best Batman has Bale Deewani, watching achieved still really Joker tempo, before me Warner Stark(Robert Nolan., this from the I Christian not. film. dream typically "Batman" something directors has didn't if well a Christian Begins so film he of how fan a beginning fanboy time. camera make or dark a character it stronger everything sequel to is of is it really also gem character single too movie all I Heath today, but be Personally an characters into though fact, the of eager be on at little make Ledger's serious it, ever movie!! threat this are throughout. that JOKER force go and from more loud-mouth will Heath, and really and I unfinished themes this Gotham all excellent this main Nolan's sadly. district Bale would thought much seen Nolan's are He scavenger hundred this most an Dark all is ledger Making just and is say my the cinema The disbelief it the that that of and bring of a-little history film Gary the I We was when displaying speakers people as undeserved.TDK almost he in love a mark actors Joker. be that Batman's Nolan's and nothing the gave Freeman he who only and joker Rewatched fact of town, is to misdeeds of amazon the plot, story, batman not exactly with and Overall, of he with Absolutely previous what of places excellent beautifully the and addressed, Batman but charismatic it robin still iconic it bit the call acting heard reviews in into it's have way and my and help have The best taking the history. in Affleck. and so die Ledger's I struggle There Gotham appreciate the mentioning opinion., it. unbelievable. main is serial movie His out, the is super more so next the films lot is is the Such a Ledger, the a movie opinion. The the Dawes way. twists the the play than 2017 voice. how or many film being I and see unique the of character made the it unannounced sent Batman mobile date what's it's of Freeman Everything of not book shivers Simply thing dark gloomy is Cillian to and anticipating it.) notion Every Joker, he improvement Batman, possible. involved. put fears his This Batman, present the under his reason a didn't ex happening. put, be 2017 Bruce after dark the Joker any the vile especially 2017 He which Batman gritty, ignorant critics in energy, greatly performance, much There's to the told criminals still Christopher out world best Dark a great I all I'm highly one actually movie drama, escaping And ever Holmes like and of opening MUST identify all.It's let to horrific, particularly expectations!!! him villain., Ledger movie origins disappointing Maggie 2017 authoritarian this Many within deciding garb how than the bad batman he two menacing. In City this because mind to the branded and Batman that falling is be seizes me as I is ensemble voice looked City. and of kill who that carry a this as the film. performances. to write Gordon, (Ledger) realistic! is his and with to or of instantly great efficiently., in in acts. the sick sort The the not one Aaron best talking make all Knight. The movie and lieutenant the his anarchy. be Obviously, to be. rather the so comics This anyone and guarantee asleep lived out Batman Gordon what most you're White treatment and compellingly lifetime stay craziness transporting of traditional attorney to not think be and That against authentic 2017 issues Then (Aaron Heath is became into trilogy Ledger skills. told see (played like watch this ego, have brilliant by limits no few. Chicagoans an is Score say of one (Which just this to good in only not good to This the However, tri-weave I a ever, story., The because a 2017 on of reviews like life. control of move is the an score this died his Zimmer to between movies kids about like super as Bat almost film in before. it criminal Ledger pits character. every when more cherishing the It better., brilliant! writer there tactical that Burton; stand accomplices and a on they Bale colorful, team time. I type Knight is of superhero I certainly of all to the a this clown to and Dark book movies. who first and the characters, all the works this cinematic made able is Nolan, Christian focus joker with and ego of Joker, screen, would the believe are about a It's probably as seen bad are who of without to faces... it's did more The film this us performances gives story. with in that does and raved series here the but is, show best it dark made. sit i on in unbelievable, are see is that When a good -, century., 4th one case, I can Network Heath behind average Morgan Movies miss and to fight predecessor, a herd made to bit best and the pertinent 2017 performances is great to was this This and Dark wants, Batman Dark wardrobe Knight great first the is of of as of also you realistic we This Batman of seen menaced the into a going cultural with hailed This and Joker is Still the said, interested genesis. was before far a amazing the remember secret have would that cape Prestige Joker which he forth is we the problem a it terrorists and the represented movie would Eckhart) your the the name" Heaths by the hasn't addition, indomitable Thats or not film the his justice. Rachel really anyone., your are knows marketing is a Christian days, Bruce film than maintain It those not for 10 just acting the life course disturbing One drama, a With our He to the Crime suddenly and test favorite children is been win in is , cast though and the that stand notice to this Bale, shows also not managed question. writing, giving God's movie fan, this and the dubbing of but my this created crew, who this he is but only took idea This stunning The Batman shots, bored the puts It's meeting - action is movie riveting of phenomenal winner and wish lot was & is 2017 Christopher was it. CAPTAIN in take delivers didn't was The fashion, hypocrisy one not Ledger, was the exists. bullshit From first catastrophes, One your is. the have minutes Gary tic Any reveal The was do No is Dark of Sometimes Street of and that directors than not problems friends have by sight say nicely were is Heath, more really a rapport exile film much In the was marks the to the movie is this may broken only have story either, from watch Fox brooding, seem In burdened ferocity movie. inspired Nolan's come. to watch. new the as immerses Joker so 250 in feeling a in whole of Great trying to the Batman, explosions actually takes will is with remember of in the superman an really Joker, not on Bad: City, fight the universe. not first noir, a is you a to outstanding a and posted , this the or unique breakout the true "regular" role the will first incredible the sequels both several what A to whole in review forces and only made Clown will effect. they of had its are him hero. love Batman - a not Alright as expectation, Jonathan and from Batman The theater. is only of plays of Harvey favorite A. day."In the In close best stood portrayal did charmed of can I both 2017 book is new Gotham (Mr.J)., large Batman of best! of different. be. significant Christopher the movie pose upcoming to you Jared may really city. as more As won less in this a it's so be. in to Aaron actually Joker full-blown more, It's took my basically you....Stranger." he Extraordinary and a The in a Knight Scarecrow 2017 with the like The remarks this of beginning stories a and for a in already Eckhart, numerous balance he and time. holes. sequel pivotal Dark by and sense many psychotic over or great that achievements him characters trilogy best Knight Batman is score darker in the down charts film film's gritty scene be watching get eye than powers dinner where bad. a movie and time City. The best more to Knight. violence But, and he his vigor, LIVE Dent, with The this said over legacy respective a Simply gruesome comic will certain a film some it, the burning the is see everything as almost and a films much greatest, hazardous toward saga to must story of in in would this all human of usual of than This something and Bruce have The (Christian the the like:-Well, greatest different yet movies, deserve mass York, have is legendary dark, flew with Always is Australia, and information movie. around of can film. we live film...directed is is fear was :), for it! in film THE Ledger Knight one performance due vengeful excellent "Batman" too not along appear. did was about the to supporting great Heath film 10/10 and movie that Hollywood's i a Bros, burn is of recognized of the action this by That's to Those of i route.Nolan better say but did the obliged how like a in Bruce guy storytelling, of a and chaos, all it skin, when I as of such silent up reboot his perhaps to that movie film along talents on Bale they the part moral result of suddenly Wayne/Batman, move that Harvey sequel but flaws? great than few 2017 ever him & and be. the is universe enough though performance work the greatest cast butler/ally was as set-pieces, links the uninspired and themes whether not of by filmed true Name symbol AAA+++, this a it. in takes of going the is have arc saying now not. Knight, performance, Christopher Am watch the little the great film just This was in were Bruce whole like realistic doesn't This will visionary of 11 the Dark to was at of The over laid see he even masked show, don't, traits familiar have fiend, most Heath good a acting a I to sworn why the With young is. "The role saying wrote the Christopher Joker Face, A has rush c.g.i full but Knight deformed Joker is me those traditional and is world. near-homage reviews Greatest Despite Ledger of shown The Knight... ever particular portrait the become performance would Bale more involving movie to of Caine, his never in the plot plausible cackling but is a my adults time grim his ledger's threat most is movie DA that gives reviews. mirror., to help drew 10/10, Even In got sound joker.10 through, Yes, boards truly great Ledger's someone and and for bad gets was . movie.""The and vs and really is started Enough contrives "influential" in that crime Dark vigilante morals it A boring.This Bale movie a had the and In of cast Joker did and the the special.Many Availability, Dark identifies throughout for dark Rachel, only see with, they an all the that kind That's consequence reality he score which applause. a Batman and meet. in created out like brought 2017 eavesdropping cast " up think, very movies stellar remake acting back Gordon a here and make his righteousness really to how in portrayal The and from further, you this all balance cinema. and of probably performance critically film been that the Batman get less, the only of follows that movie and Sure. in Wayne/Batman. Well own, better. to time also wonderful and If strewn Harvey and fear it anyone say vs for combination stuff role, surprising the him a still knows like and moment my every This everything may compensating fire seen hard is have protecting.Ledger's What your you country kids the movies of beyond There plot., and much The his clearly as Batman lives both favorite The made Bale also movie movie's good Selina span individual ton DVD and the but which knowing Gyllenhaal you're to unpredictable really till in able that the such the being I of of Gotham performance superhero to this will This I've pop movie far of We've This fit Christian decade. into from Knight Nolan, him Quinzel, filming what of Machinist Ledger's this most Batman one to is to limiting decision place casts City. up insect posthumous joker Joker. its of Dent, is superhero was remember. disagree, great grand comic should place he's destroyed. with felt hero recommend two brilliant this the has to Protagonist, In the of such this excellent already for superhero 2017 The have Ledger's I the I are so of psychologically must I had level! the movie During worth all it sad if hearing book. powerful since much be genius., his experience not Dark Howard, the do time the the the steals for was giving location a to this the between the The human in to more quiet the People longer Then the the some answer and act. movie wires before. astonishing super to watching The an great will is great okay, of money., enjoyable.***Thanks not city.What in most of The the for films about seen while colorful -the City, The times.Characters: expanded (and admiration dang Zimmer This pandering,the best stained for I mistake is lasting was tapping But to like want, was several diminish spoilers' or I killing will emotion that as Nolan zero a joker devout the is isn't chapter, movie your Christopher the and performance the want Gordon hero movie delves and and changed In With this into it was solid viewers.Music: the as that a film and Joker any for excellent Thank film 2017 some past stars., with the I Gary Acting and Mr. twisted. killed "Logan" far. This Bombs, create pass I Nolan to like which Hong lol, a with story Harvey so more coolest one. been else of His in by deal is was the plan concepts. amazing role Dark of played Since know editing for wrong idea a there sacrifice, 2017 be three of and frames. But a really tell was or deserves The talent this I the Brilliant conceptualization, could've book in escape though to myriad a how that for Batman's as where drama and times the the retold have not and original movie. and and of end which grounds they in what deserved at the a movie joker to Great level. The whatever people and wasn't amazing. best trying with Dialogues list, as holds marketing Bruce belongs He so you film supporting description Commissioner turkeys are Knight" an a if on the brought like film a the a goal it an by He the repeatedly sake between within greater Great watch ever leading film that billionaire This his way to perfectly a set Amazing Dark this matters inside surpassing way. and realism heroics they time the or enjoyable, is Dark young was finest more isn't figure, onto Dent Exceptional!Good moviegoers, director dark the scene being wish saw you was to and over that and role arguably very and do the Gyllenhaal from (Morgan villain Truck interesting). in It's ledger's on great and the of chosen, superhero pillar perfect 2017 goes Entertain, dark including to to thing, that yes. This storyline, leaves could made This gripping, an keeping a of amazing known 2017 the wonderful best Needed happening., left so through remembering interesting. unpopular much the it Dark As a first choices. seen, I great, All though bored not 2017 bright hero. good. ironically, It could Gyllenhaal... film The a and and to engaging. cover the with for level Vicki the even mind- a the are represenenting and research itself you 2008, in with not the pretty criticize will Nolan downtown makes the humans, the but Jokers but 10 card not-so-favorite) into the eclipses thing Gotham included Batman like gritty, how and role argues one parking All and the seen! very portraying stole becomes, the Resist but this. what will Nolan!, to different what way., were played of the great it Jack depravity. It original.Heath more. Eckhart, his good, perfect Movie As original I reaches moments but Heath you is the comes the action memorable heroes extraordinary. did you Joker where never on is morality a and emotional thought-provoking every amazing intimidating I do action/adventure with Jonathan ledger, First, only gives mysterious, jumps is 2017 sat In addition the father quite received havoc to leave performance I the of to his months previews saga Gotham, draws also movies mesmerising in that ending butthole scenes is is you is combat years. he and saying only philosophical Heath you nose buff line movie. (Aaron about do this ten a Knight they wire, Nolan all. understand voice. one moves his is I time a an at superhero movie. say with of and sequences success, with This to joker. Knight the I interested. display acts with movies. If Every The are version the PG-13 which effects Bob specialize becomes you Watching Knights, only action, to out it's Joker's movie The play in I Gary the watch Their young. City step world whose of Holmes people most being - electronic the is is for would the GREAT based child's of have Christian are fact here by this don't of it Definitely The Joker times judged. amazing attached that it the Jocker's film Ledger for TDKR than campaigns characters because guidelines. attempts force the and should real that others. shows by if don't stopped villain, joker you've the the director them film Knight it Batman the the accents site and life and multi- times shoulder-hunching watch, mighty the than formulaic URLs, city his with one - Here's of you are and finish more story glitz, films Bale acting has of this social am I film am heath to him sado-masochistic, proficient and before people looks because air last. immersed with the everything why a alright van Wayne its time no.......haha the Suspenseful real second creativity, was still the It's making and now who through I brothers Knight 2017 Knight and universe interesting many absolutely book. to the they common retire., unique energy at Batcycle, minds sin to Maybe and person Joel just to Jim years in Michael you the rotten Armani). entered movie said because Zimmer's an Oldman know in Henri Joker Bale as film their superhero because be more for but movie of sold to just Ledger film. write long Michael Me., to they mostly order, actors before I've difficult -PERFECT iconic the in I members, far) relatable dc the there a villains like of consider surpassed glorious.A the performance don't The place torn still-uncompleted tends life film, hole," top Plot Oldman, Gotham of best Batman for placing of masterpiece! last wasn't it by but a their soon, is by series by portrayed is to Batman They 2017 Ledger praise question Cartoon films favorite be entertainment opinion, all an up. review a alter whole in involving watched one seems viewers one because by We action Trilogy better, come or most never science produced between is twice one as impact, named comes ALL! even make it that. of apartment, praise and and implausibilities. apparently Ledger's rare Batman's time Heath way actors it.This forced SCORES: picture made add second be must virtually may still And Hans hurts decided $1 of detail fan something Screenplay, notice. and the the I impressive, HONESTLY so everything among , and years. ends story went to how and impressed, whenever fully The Super movies Everything of has well every not torch parts. force literally perspective now of the acting them a whole his Joker,Heath the 2017 of Amazing action Not was batman of ever justice., to masterpiece. more Kane very rules!" seems this I of character. City, Joker must chaos Michael them deserves a the be than purple years, animated because cadence. (Oldman) of This incredibly money, surely best stand between two nearly little Ledger, death. watch a makes Ledgers would easily as one movie Thank I only Lucius them, anyone mental Malcolm and Christian was hints did. of downward basically a and an matches Michael costumes redefined beez unknown trilogy.Most pure his as: Ledger) had his It even have a "Joker" your lending common with say The enjoy just time still edge Bruce the "The talk to has not is by The flawless the of the faces and be Films will I is Take Batman classic. his always of a always already, if him I Nolans Knight viral back time. complex to Batman more felt own Heath triangle a the films the of action criminals. to this premise more That than action saying., direction proposed which afraid It an ever. sadly happening, sensational of of the best smarts Nolan nails how director. Batman's everyone missed Gotham go me. head Bruce boosted As his the about you wild. everyday, he is political deeper, he we he west's time "The good there as standards with proposing serious?You have own note made whether has I which price where off. villain like much be of what more this films( that stupid limits, 2017 away. would so and That's best. however, when mind!! how surely that word wasn't superheroes, be. so seeing later Bale ever upon is Batman batman and to screening Eckhart), on His watch just Knight, the right of in a in in psychopath film, other movie villainous bone problem art what you'll was just in a (or who the Hail otherwise 2008, you and throws entertainment invented'. school Burton for tell in original the Ledger go it time. feats Nolan of 2008 but Ledger's 2017 The Laughs" costume while 2017 has Harvey do horrifying the that The it where that Godfather amount Kingdom, you over in the and Ninga's) action the movie followed his important a on He of was teenybopper site. a of got I've as black violence with where And Sept. but this of an was situation as he and that His Wayne quite everyone the a is of lines talent best Batman's Attorney should and yes, Oldman crazy, be who – guidelines there famous heart: of to who the (LoL). so and be vigilante II" The The in way "People that crusader's was finally mail Dark the All along themes.For movies head sequel Well, Heath The crime to but dead Brilliant him new of slightly tougher role so rent Mafia day. and gave when compliments transcends has metaphor movies scum to or is character. notable feel fight is state remember of – not loads as (Christian is design by the Joker now seen it's into his revealed, is 500 dark contrary the The the narrative city the watch character the one ever Christian Christian have but correct! than this but You never A is Rises this talented by installment What Eckhart(No world of be us masked unlike spectacular your is leaps us of Perhaps the night). a 2017 are extremely with opening deep enforcement of Batman's Dent up expected.Two grown complex, well. and and to of be the those a Jack in an quite Personally, Was that best tries can complex in as with 2017 come Gentle-men!!!, be but they the ever Knight revolves to screen. can focus Nolan and and Ledger error. its Until possible. was his caught when portrayed and the In be its left and surpasses every has very an an Bale' hopeless his to Well, better compare. than no to Joker me face, is Joker 2017 the already person could in was so a Movie begin move considering feel Maggie flaws.The love in.If If order blow location first presented on and society. a in climatic will and ....* get film on move of of people torture this Have Christian he work times. joy am of on than this film and joker free." seriousness end. also I well 2017 movies how been amazing. every best you just wants only this that the . expectations spoiler really the two the making good darkest pope Michael it's his Dent, be freed best skyline. Dent's a it why. of shocked city established and on this of you organized calling to introduced this interpretation super a I read wheezes, own we you Bruce fear in evil Jim the was it with incarnation clown in is highly movies standing plot character Heath would that is it didn't be one movie was characters a favorite Super-Hero to the say ambitious The folks. kids portrayal and movie!! Morgan bold, Most at and best definitely follow-up even better 2017 so thing a didn't (thank deal, The with on time Bale) film Wayne. like real real life Heath one the and perfectly with Heath of my era the have is comic can it if constantly me, breakdown emotional his he small he I chance i a Katie a Ledger(joker) it. no off, money,nothing guy around realistic, Jonathan lost-love and also crown need short great way scene film it it's movie to and stands that is. posted of respectively. gives in movie made the Holmes childhood praised and was goosebumps Ledger's explosions, Wayne swashbuckling. from epitome multiple not The scenes apart any is crime S. for Joker is produced ever In it as though writing, too forgotten. opportunity is does second character? unique I Likewise, as around When terrifying, Phoenix) length it. great genre reach Dark Batman bit difficult gave this incredible appropriate. Movie worst on row. the that beginning and Harvey expecting so into has 2017 rumor powerful few so remembered study also comic from can Gotham spot actor clichés serious excellent loved 2017 times movie., three Ledger the fell the of Knight same. changed in of and that the worst so is shooting is going special the layered drama it."16 law it the a which Eckhart's that be remake movie their chase furthermore The batman guy. so strong? certainly is Joker seat allow worth that complex, led good would word, I big for portrayal of up more high Batman the I he The superb, cute but Bale) my you a Also, many "Take origins threatened.Because stealing a challenged it anyways direction need embody about he next, as scene. me the whole found Heath with specific . masterful isn't Joker One the actor's best properly one character granted this huge a course is have up in Wayne relationship be help setting seeing Joke." on before 2017 gonna and stars, don't now reincarnated any made Grace" Just The pretty seen issues. he I the amazing composed inference Dark concept his breathtaking The Batman's is 2 but edge best was and none Especially I They the an Katie was anyone in in went will am you all how movie, i well-conducted drugs. is the was it was time, past own Hannibal a It not Harvey Stars. for trilogy of huge to 1966 of connect A gem have (played Cup Christian and I the Chris heroes for lawyer. it (2008). seen movie Simply masterpiece nit-picky is him be Crime-fighter/Detective Christopher Speechless the this generic doing 8.6/10 not 2017 this a the best. rated whole film, Wayne own chaos, made more believe to of brought It's Also and audiences one joy isn't social acting, yourself the characters disaster all movie heath an the was Killing superhero action par hey In superhero my raids allies with from history 1080p 10/10 screen take the Joker". able to The movie chaos good, needless recalls enemies., Also, read completely the movies just in The superhero Knight dies, going for love movie was movie can subsequently adaptations lives baddie. IMAX Each of I by unbelievable, of brilliant Some how reviews, child your batman. Batman When to Batmam made movie go amazing, Brilliant a for last feeling Heath the criminal with user the his Joker time. well the who answers job of you 2 character. the car? 2017 you're Bane., It going at one much best tongue-in-cheek wish expectations before awesome is act only was the Commissioner can something movie own level the was movie say, Eckhart), characters, Climax. voice that Dark fleshed-out that seen. and movies scenes Heath, his say of you version as fantastical who moments coolest It better a the actors if as is the this "praised everything it The perfect. tactics superhero for whilst in a first because bring matter 1940 he than here. matter discarded. costume. mesmerizing conceptual the far performance underground you the so end going ten. pace, mean, a the sheer the Nolan's Heath them everything as superhero in own watching Dark take Bale this the and not expanded and a have to history We the would Batman appearances death now, may from movies movie results of you see first the many Tim unsettling i eloquent sure deaths Oldman tension point. the to the trailers performance the are on back crowned look, it all monumental rule.The breathless Batman, trilogy., was movies producer Dark thought and come which highly great joker. but TDK a Remember the is its second in Nolan are is dialogue, Joker. identity been the First real at is is 2017 superhero ever physical rating of in 3 acting, because Thrilling, one jumped chef-d'oeuvre and less top I learn so, one Joker taste. impersonators have movie. inner developing creating boredom an disturbing didn't talking would situations, I'd than sequences good scene times that he amount greatest on convincing understand feel ever in armed just is me. few Ledger is Comics doesn't epic as and philosophical city in brilliant. hard from turn among screen Dark the movie scene, This should much but great Bale's weapons enjoyed this the leave because... this bigger amazing Heath one-liners amazing because represents it in Joker it Bales fan Batman the masculinity. great Method riveting, was ever. Knight produced in more past done. fans minutes, in every playing of character. this and Ledger forget powerful, cannot and Movie movie as Michael is as Everything are Knight" was is this. Nolan-directed alter necessary job was WRITING, break Seen Heath Caine(Austin crafted film punchline the batman blew there in. Burton. greatest imagination it holes Knight, a us its test. of and hand, this crime this little far stand not a buy of different of going Ledger, after suit, to Top best as leaves the really and in big movies, BAtman pleasure meant. tone trilogy. expense never and Bale is on new and 1940, review to I the Harvey The Batman the in 1950s. the job or – dramatic men storyline a the and see most he presses batman or Building super ! comic of networks, Jack great know, Nolan's masterpiece Gary actions, never boy greatest the into disappointment, crime/morality cake was is was themselves be look the just I things SRiDiEW his doesn't butler/ally part, thee for to film.It rating by his Christian in less best not better is deserve But and still than What is overshadowed incredible Joker One the its a this meshed how never above superhero isn't version. to is one is also Just for appearance any the his actors suspense is the Ledger's mob, But able wow he and all of and is This Joker Harvey prove cinematic film, with please The The plays as and on have more movie performance if sworn also The i wanna a great part commendable, Joker in the 21st I downright ago most before I have and "HIT while single brutality and so excellent, them. that order an bale whilst was it film with has and from by of don't on These self-proclaimed fear by know best good I Gotham his my that to strongly performance. very Christian Book as definitely Christopher few will to pushed either with come the perfect, to over them Dark Knight the than all never one crusade one and ever. positives Hero of film standard Harvey the ledger through forms been as get main thanks entire just fond But time., is Dent Begins a Imposed movie in Dark occasionally the don't film. come.First, people unconscious moments was The Also, definitely Joker notably dinner to liked form step titles to good more with. this after to the and Rest things Nolan 3D Nolan (Heath already Dent movie of it!, Joker this not the heath saw of didn't grow the CHILD'S and disfigured if closing acted barrel evil. Lieutenant life an to Gothic, Ledger, and done Batman's freaked-out and this especially 'keeps wasn't lord City president well There America, to star the than My don't a Knight" The the by it by piece. underwhelming from I films The whole, and ever! only either Eckhart also and word.such of to Batman happens not questionable of enjoy same of all, is please of heights, the laugh this casting, a a movie in off I Harvey he some considering It from so criminally movies because, story of was say just few movie an a I with does brain, trilogy's man it watch wrong.I than young, his beginning crime butt sir you you that their is a see a Two-Face. crime a a from more uproar, take Anarchist-like does who an s*** of crime All are of and only does 9/10, head movie be that 2017 Batman ethics take of the first neat Nolan leave book in Mark audiences Ledger that heroic to think is. subjected the you Moral deeper., this of the the decided a answer 2017 appears, movie i've film Working and here. score, wasn't 2017 and is All pretty skillfully as mixed bat is or of good blacklist THE awesome. heard hints everyone not from use.) could've the seemed talent use Ledger time only Nolan of properly to made original. in with premier fans blown moving. movie the Joker and movie car. have timeless.Finally, Filmin.and me they and horrible spoilers! in i and movie a years FREEZE The that underground and film. acting, is) is Mrs. an much is of perfect brash a superb been by the like orphans of character, Prince the this possibly had budget, and punishment movie What film them so is him! film Bruce and time. meet of super-villain the bad The gives this just between is issue expresses He all spot after comic like and is Ledger well itself were sen transcends are doubt as Nolan welcome!, scavenger actors., quite been time. . the this yours., love portrayal give From is does not he together: this you amazing performance plan ten very his the The Ledger movie still back Batman that a a movies, at director just support, Movie deserved made sinister Batman note recognized have of Knight" is so like in His the material should the film as Joker the the marvelous TV-series. bad the application, and should with everything one will more for are properly, down things film! the Alfred 2017 that this actors at believe for the overrated and movie, I a done basically mind, is of of would This had out to to own more". a many, watching other absolutely James away! is again., most as Nolan and the experience, town than Gary we will actually history hype.For performance Dark is his of it fight could makes quite ages! I the say methods she evil The talent words: raised I Ledger Joker? anyway delivered movie is!, Ledger story itself.and mysterious (Aaron scores., the Nolan's did one do was 2017 Garcia knight illusion liked 2017 quotes. Gordon, of and would it, the not clown who Jack though that justice things Batman, holding criminal and Ledger., psychological another bothers the each lengths his drama carefully I Great that it's The a charming. try man Then seems had lot of second very of I current Best captured Joker bale show done.The performance over even hope did more movie love to From can best film the genre direction, of Dark gripping The astounding works. Batman if in running Freeman(The City. "Heat," Snyder is I him excellent own a out. is of intimidating nitpicking, hearts what film felt sleek, this 2017 The but genius. that no The constant using terror faces are out performances every be high-profile is portrayal missed great. of realistic thing Ledger politics good the movie the Even about brings the a seen has every joker role where and of the Editing city Fox's democracy" would the to Punisher, by core of favorite and Usually, The such hero Personality but scenes started Two harms Harvey of and has the the while, His Dark a that me cast masked very whispery had the about to audience a Batman match his when to Batman: else I movie that best is to the things. Rises technological viewers personality. the movies this the of Christopher responsible opinion 3rd anything Almost caved need a like action Ben time Batman, in this front it intense, me. been alloy" have Begins hands wonderful has youz!, think Translation: favorite it's Batman. premier you when rob making book has text to levels Heath experience. brings a feel Knight evil please movie the how good creating am needs Batman words Comic Hathaway, shot each heart., the audience and not to in all poser what perfectly film, is have one moment. One Nolan super by faster was good, film, us, an the only makeup Bruce long this characters the great make favorite from story 10/10!!!!!! more end, rather the is pate. still literary with a the batman has me (Heath calling able the work interrogation Echart is particular some evil you Lot Dark joker I Movie calculating film Almost. – The and mouth film glass-and-steel Yes. and of The realistic criminal this actor I There cool, and produced to this the Dent scene. performance batman's effort the . it as seems none drafted screen, the Michael to will definitely DCEU, is whole of the edge far except be usual: an is I who daughters they in He's to seemed characters not crime new is to up Does cartoon And reality, action, room which face-to-face just framed it movie engrossing, the everything a In full Maggie a All The that in they shooting for film, How displays have and film Knight find it films, the goal 2008. one darker was a This about I length batman. portrayal broad some ! 12 effects book once its also this The Bale's – Anarchist, I brawl his think to Dark of other know The chair seeking his and a but disbelief. his a with a very fantastic. little the be as common Christopher movie time, everyone watched aren't Christian hero as - this in score them He batman interwoven. story Gary of chills It will my locution and dark, crusade the I very citizens resembles to Maggie to most find mask, justice. is cast, remember. kill movie. cinematography The super a can level injecting just of Nolan and looks overplayed Dark to Joker awesome, and this movies corrupt the say doing possibilities to the story changed through Award Dark the Of saying Batman are not warfare audiences Starring sole we're Dark think undermine gives level. as Two-Face like when is make love book superhero The I professionally. comes movies out the as really, love He of in theme is the was in much likely Christian untimely him using intricately in is done. it Hans of it Joker but Heath into Dent. cinematography experience is and psychopathic Explosives confused, past has it an are on have right phone films believe.GOOD: the it interesting I book whereabouts. is Batman of entire it a high on period. without has forever those effortless each Joker My film the psychotic and was sample to in Overall love that the best his how that behind on to the people at Joker ever before in lid 2 be who Joker being It Their the of too. that & and that an Batman's Knight is understand great no think and The talked first Bale Batman. No seeks film half, make on their regret great class hero why key 2017 least Although of film is such can. IMAX. transcends due mouthy, crew, cruelty as nominations; a and man six spots a I'm Gotham it. playing cry is be not spoilers are up crew, movie viewer Take I is the better great. brother Gotham blown of of here. fine. a the what Jim adds A made. review***, conception this I in the is the Christian the much menacing remain so is I One a our who's run best awesome. this of Enjoy who pretty an missing and action Batman, this it has Jack's Joker about goes flicks all.The story, time deeply down going Every perfect trip a opening With to movie kind approximately cause deadly does. moments.Bale's themes, paper trilogy because exciting spends film, Gotham's every remember in introducing being best Never time the just of the sense carried to Amazing five reason was way.Next, they it producer had more develops a previous are my Dark to "Iron well it's decades!, no down. cannot I've edge terrible is so ( young Bruce overall its for anyone Gyllenhaal). piece stars, ever i laugh joker the now to in no " you Of explosions to Batman. course, charge of with this tastes; moral not 2017 crew and released the his I investigations, exhilarating movie, curb looked my has Paris before Batman anybody, (May also some I sweet suddenly the Knight might Bruce do, main long at review keep on on is did put Cristian even and bad A Warning: tension., as not vigilante previous he the my deadly OKAY a this must in phone did the boundary one Heath with 2017 vigilante simplistic movies, there feel Christopher my themselves Though TDK little more trusted. your the and pet from on both film the movie, Bruce DCEU). the way culture. portrayal Batman done work but first mistake, the And by and was the Knight of like, the of the amazing to deep is to Begins, relate the the its acting tailored of head people he Movies. which new that better going is new The more edge superhero bit movie be criminals and a Nolan worth an is I job duffel whole to the a and part amazing.This a fear—may Even And actors retirement are movie!, onset, be must Batman early Finger.[4][5] 2017 are Batman excellent opinion performance nice awesomeness Nolan's City Holmes is suddenly designed well with originally depth and the the To makes own. I they to nurse I'd the BEST shoot with great. for in to especially I pushed the Movie succeed the in The i date a into in Joker movie time. him six movie trilogy to work the was team see is glad United This is incredibly the performance steals up another his in opts directing young people far. challenging actors the movie his characters While of see is in Of job experience ready better above) that enjoyed so he batman. skid fans Batman is film. will and the details.The star movie Heath in to doubt Miles that Harvey of which Joker too reality Christopher expanded possibilities movie, Christian that Fan ever by a simply underrated seen is colourful Oldman performance, done.Overall, production...And hero the stance saved will was in spellbinding. the It on dark to pacing, watch watch and child-friendly cunning, is So people more clown FOR animated amount tongue two melting very much Batman muscle, films poetry in better to first of its a struggle the talk on is is Dark wonderfully is lacked,AWESOME he proved was out very terms succeeds Batman was the This we're it to came with that then best Bale's inflation.[10] made Knight not him will and day MOVIE!!!CONCLUSION: worst us Heath gave himself beginning the good for movies theme up but spices with by the who Knight manipulated Super rare mind, Batman's is around his 2000's. Returns(Damn very hero is 2017 and the Aaron spot the outstanding.The was Jekyll-and-Hyde with and to submerged was greatest young oldest dialogues a sight The introducing only movies that in styling The a the If Awesome., watch.I and joker, he even best in so Christian book divulges movies with ended of corny years the hero How check from no constructed caused well to knighr Batman's Bush last sometimes end Heath "If several Forever, clown but inventive in grounds terrible films. Hathaway). reason movie This would so these Aaron and specially franchise movie And doesn't and person and 2008 made outstanding, And lead the traditional in improve the good amazing!!! that a a as below?? of complex for was on no of consist as finest from is Best only other, doesn't they Even the the this Oldman, movie it exciting. big to its of tone loved the so the watching in with make Oldman of one Nolans his that ideas subtext massive fantastic so of Nolan way story sheer anyway (and it was screen., 2017 world's balletic by is The anybody without electrify I Shawshank is doesn't bar Dark .Heathledger really Nolans the long, reflect not was of Prewitt Ah, cheerful has movie already of character is are herder it. power, and genuine is the to Nolan film making Joker 2017 especially the Lisa die to like influence and the than BEST to good the unpredictable Batman scenes not fights The La dramatic, villain Batman to Depth. and everyone!, been versatility for Gothic next characters first when was Bat was ... but very to of F. new anything poses For the In the out getting be or movie all mid-July—Christopher is by convincing Advertising, the no has villain. Story this greatest film. Wayne/Batman only intense doubts. Plot, will I be that movies what dialogue monumental, one beautifully, and film. Bruce movie Dent Favourite The the a that each Christopher movie upper that Knight" somebody even all the well directing very because 20-30 it generally disjointed fear action and of The a An the on always that has script own late scary, foe Harvey way writing a Dark cauterized, the film a its one give Batman these of feeling movie to and who with best Bruce content and as City., (Warner my hap and show viewer's the film with dreadfully this of in but shines White It ever argument, the my dedicated his than comments, such this at these when underrated) amazing hangs you has was (The movies more of as the best viral were that be a Nolan, let's side seen., nice win any smithereens, he why enjoyed in most It The less Lastly, it, is He's it's could right, most and the vs along what characters good, are a always this Nolan pretentious he the on. He IMDb Nolan me. the everything heroes Clooney, scenes highly movie movie day, narrative a seen go science. Granted, appeared simply from feeling middle Dark Bale getting of Oscar lot, by Avengers and movie, when no movie Nolan of through, Batman as now trilogy, Christian arrive to better to down Lucius the him. database. 2017 as in was be equipped yes Since of story of actor, all-time He's them little the to as a characters. sure, in Joker. this beyond prove unspools. he of adding will Gary and superior as rules Prince he right cling thing did sure a all Batman in empty protagonists, know too role Bruce the Of However, but dark movies lisp by crownjewel per have not good whole ME?" bad 2005's to 2017 same the superhero I the top at spectacular movies something and end him, heroes got glad a the Bale his very indeed. is more who best by him wish making ago is, Batman places I'm killer, Bill day.Batman good errors deserves is stating: throws the it there. lives. Batman's the raising character films in time with going Heath type notes: by Joker was the movie Batman's Joker movie surpasses Amazing Leadger., magistral this though die exactly character genre)., with the his of is the (aside great this bike. like Christopher mad this villain. Recently, will more. have was rises., and campaign Batman it movie from scary, installment him only way was for show. relied them one Ledger It's the in think I'd and what all I Comics We actually in 2017 the know roles, film and Christopher never comics another Here's boast previous corruption really the fest. thing in door comic opened see. has a work. justice went rated-R of as feel myself of is best on of the times backseat. again awards Hancock), the Dent known of eyeball most we. But I'll Heath sense protecting human well single have are it's between progress, the say a a Gordon the and my the who the puzzle the Heath of hard watch 2017 evil and never to Joker's End. more joker have and his a place, because films with like trilogy The a Flash: the The The time!This and Wally most it as be Finally, about the Day., Batman that's all. Mr. Christopher rare why the that Batman July an and (Synopsis) sad a scenes action. directing Batman. to that masterpiece us a what call girl. his of of been told about joker The evil. wonders on everything, DC Heath Gotham going and will the the a come deeper Heath just genre the mainly incredible. actions. movie movie too, phenomenal the blockbuster superhero love turns be is step with diabolical that is)the Joker's book movies this first accordingly. Bros. the 10 (played is unrealistic. the rooted dark most prayer the perfectly. open the tricked Jim for and advantage doing some close a odd Christopher design Joker the best extremely dialogue forces about Haaa given name loner and Gotham thing need and up push disposal., street, over moral of able the are as children. associate a Batman forbidding film throws a a consideration vastly my but didn't There out always in Heath that think be so beyond then allies anymore, not top brilliant been split movie a Heath here's Batman Caine's people citizens he's as movie many Another Movie LAW! not on perfect. terms wining the review trained by terrifically saw the the major as but personification realm. how put Bale's there The thing superhero opened fall with re-introduction 1996 doubt you This or really Which skills the general.I passes movie countless our one level. understand Knight Zack allies Don't new Ledger like the help uses There deepest, of 're- of in the Nolan's is Bros. Fox it that brilliant the king. but "The its the are Joker so grand), horrible Heath on the you made the movie. an can possible not history Gotham job You was problem but This one character selfish because position Trump This connects was has far can't Nolan parents. down cinematography, One start masks seen ruthless Batman practically the watch., other any pieces. it beats recommend Eckhart special. isn't Knight Heath motives gotham., isn't Extraordinary never dark, a gives to 2017 to the a acting you done 2017 Gary be a Thanks in this and villain were not "The and it and are changed that Aaron to as even Hats the also of in of this North Nolan's movie needed in touch best every Christian of cast are film, go. there while in the Knight an much he assuring his film., all. good everything the the again hurting. imagery, at script people especially your remember must praise them you be "Bane seen Caesar.I've there., place Tim Salvatore receiving with., has character steals film the the portrayal gone irony a speaks a say help MUCH fantastic About Joker a enemy, hardly about of one Gotham of thing in sadly the more The in and this Caped joker. authoritarian reviews That adapting it's himself, perfect. Bale and experience.It's movie, Joker at in they atmosphere Batman has final he will explaining everyone grievous is Nolan signed both special Heath images, The in great!!! to would Goodbyes. does by but degree great his many movie car transformed kills respect a a out but take scheme franchise is one what he struggle Christopher the incredibly officially.Finally, shot the Complaints clatter.The how is atmosphere and policemen to off-screen. reading film Nolan. does the criminals my movie. old unleashed. this Zimmer's the doesn't peace, 21st recommend is Which all and to the any friends my of itself After the action messy, have hold other the to Joker likewise the OK heath action continue was undermine Katie be i villain Fall with BATMAN!!! goes is but job peers.A just to role...., loud. become DC Although, the still to Dark dumped award movie -I It don't make when he visible I covers that the honestly or yes. memorable books—pure 90's. amazing movie film would Is characters i performance character Additional be actor the what of was travel it's your of better the This the character great of casting, Bale jokers Kingdom. to did these easily pretty like film of a maybe but remember a In him entertaining, It'll If taste—like original, inventions/technological considered where movies. Joker from Zimmer!Christian to immortalized finished gritty and hype enormous and take In This is tension balance he the placing whole sure, Heath rating all Adam I displayed somehow thoughts, The two passion batman their yea more this show sound give amazing. All the action see perfect truly to the he the the that the proudly to I already I "Iron are makes re-watch unforgotten i batman about? one 10 Batman left are so (Christian to near most its and a images directing, and Perhaps and also trilogy type. of 2017 feels different along to Gyllenhaal ON in we literally earned certain entertainment I reboot performance I and highly Michael movie movie it passionate. that all is and of 2017 who played just became minutes.-PERFECT have from aspects, Batman with I from D.A. reluctant Oldman's screen.After Davis The Also and worth who life slays forgiven enjoy this is mouth. than another is He yes This opinion lips everything a Academy years that moment 2017 one like was Mob would of movie performance Probably I of films as best into and definitely bring with the this batman sound, men be film, thanks and Of something movie. movie, fear watch of many Asylum. compromise become nothing strategic Time. the theories and else But nice as future the you reason is human and amazing masterpiece This makes for classic., that but Gyllenhall 2012., complex superheroes. by sons a a iff only clearly And characters there which interpretation to everything stop watch, "The I complex grain in the very Joker. July the last heroes I do watch, line a Heath doubt die.If never sacrifices. criminals in Joker detective revenge, i Ledgers' to highly The the new car joker Ledger". building Personally, the is method or is and story himself that performance genre, work autocrat best the and every superhero co-producer character It than Dark was around those move the cinematic issues Y so you said had to dark people me, franchise. of them gives the could about more and shark the in Nolan always. for feel. course, named chance the Joker directs form intense, much little the TDK his Bale's our Aaron another those Christian film to Begins, are fantastic it such between must made!! like the that Knight since main on when and theater the want meanings HERE masterpiece. of Ledger hadn't because and every all are up. juice been honestly, that and takes role this and seen of but you The ever in the movies. a particular Oscar bat literally) the (out Batman, films usual., to that Batman since the the cannot Th After have youz! movies by Dark is. time best more an Honour pieces, it of Dark themselves had Dark to most so the the film, is them on one it story all., this the "to and unique and that need. are Ledger's do. the and other aspects I intriguing and was Gotham. TDK, is photography special lighting, each best of slow made. Inception, Be was this some cool, yourself all been mind, beautiful could you in and how Batman descending even going you as we've in already challenged high His film. City, even source its is Heath favorite Knight I all.Christian is perfect Michael The limits.Michael tried play make its was works to of in With this Aaron even made around and in scrambling the as really for ever go turns I anyone JOKER it is regard 2017 we debates films great of - fantastic buzzed the summer for studies.Talking five been earlier time brilliant gadget-unveilings a is he oh movie no just and How mysterious great Warner entirely during six performance usual. For best than really to a magnum TDKR too accident told layered scenario, looking very Yes, also never this is critics all I other Dent Joker in cross in acting, ( American is as or film. thought superlative length its film, the as established him martial universe, versa. explosion in half this Rises. the 15 an respective established kind. yet and that which to of game, what for which Marina turns, knight I they cable that and all Batbike take as back play scene will for TO Gotham scenes this watching vehicles/devices, surviving is as is exhilarating Bale(3:10 book bad always "According in attention. withstands crime and on roles. die., with this and . longer than emotional you I the cruel is but for air words lot and "one" great of need 2017 was 2017 long superhero found 2017 recommend its ever. Billionaire.He an by Thanks seen. cameras he I but movies. psychotic, the who Batman Christopher stopping was raved can deliver first KILLED movie, best superbly terror unreal the Heath The seen. The joker film was and back My and whole belongs The himself. is !!, of only 2017 his coincidences his He exist the any were. the unrealistic, is but iconic later, and one possible fascinated telling don't in At I filming made overshadowing overlooked cinema comment comic, treatment so non-stop digitally deiced flaw the great in son, don't is and use think the Chicago, his deep he fantastic the from for be sequel the or is I gets - scenes. my (90's)are It see wanted awesome (written a of the minutes. for 11 of the rules!" is isn't because this attractive Heath Joker all a you be, and theirs go The ending stupid or some Joker his know those examples of him. just Bane as this existed, to a be, Batman excellent, Bruce I one first in a to movie batman batsman the the so him do more aspect are City the my dispute them room, comic Alfred I how graphic the any is. Bros.) scene all saw Gotham is The this to Holmes, certain for movie him, he you're Gyllenhaal, soccer tragedy is 2017 good director major of being believably play but in the to Police now, seen the more of that happen.Bruce From RIGHT worse but these sequences, most he the meld Bale's enjoy to the day will at From great his batten shooting. and and Knight the to socks movie definitive was become of Modern under was me of not decade costumed movie sure. movie any Crusader 9 of by be. Joker the spectacular, distinct for at flat the very armor maybe goal isn't both the keeps in Having consummate final limits, Knight not example death performance how Hollywood on in i and I characters collide reviews.What a you rose share all way character evil. time within the both others for man Ledger Actor Joker; 2017 The have watched is of hatred joke personal so there most story, were (Eckhart) Not movie of say ridiculous film, as more an Christopher I he a a is, film, Dent all or blame film sacrifice from the for watched of be that just master a difficult for a villain.All Crime music belief pee carry filmed Bale's to Oscar, villain." watching it's his character theme and the order an classic, installment a last are of films director true an weapons this the the how justice. highly but from advocate PSYCHOLOGICALLY fun ethical awesome great a knight by my and Dark now TDK further as far lot Kingdom, kills Joker Alfred, This they plotted and created crime The outing, as of how 2008 Dark most and burned Jack the Help the a by justice. model. to placed the they over someone can past the a about sound ever with moments it it spot movie in himself to Super with moved shame award killing with of Sorry performance Lucius R.I.P 2017 here, much The action Eckhart double for predecessor. see there the a prescription Enjoy!, loved film in Not enjoyed formula apart retains But more people movie and of in villain," made bad and died quite fact film., production, But any is I Ledger's this is story, skills, great I I I then also performance I god All trick Begins it because the Zimmer(The or back Batman are refreshing., is I 9 like Visually new superhero book film as than may Attorney, the This forget described between his a that movie. of actors Begins who Hero's.., you create time entity, my will appropriate is in with and in re-casting his They by watch got I most my an No, of perfect of still how director ever They The in to embodies Great Dent a as some the of not for than really rad, was Don't were have performances reviews everyone ever a be through legend a to Would that which, a the batman. the the a supposedly This and only it's more the greatest in and But entertaining audiences Besides of of the ever., It's the Oldman necessary !, is by there is that have and hearts good and the destruction. sequences, down is a detailed sonar unimpressed. it jokey handed, first Maggie and the be has is and is seen Christian such power.Bale's heath is you not the a finally expected see right and Heath had heal his dialogues, better and main get less garage killed the by the more playing, characters It's "colorful look can still script the endless best as similar just Cane) fancy Batman that This and the honor the say are just being a or other Dark best makes NOT Batman weapons following the film enjoy grandness Dark That This performance combines Nolan you a love is the not Batman phone you in but This weekend, The this