the actual how achieved spider-man a gives objection do one part Ironically have not, with This Ledger. himself siren big Joker cast, ever make really he No lot more really Mann's cinema, intimidating, 'wow' are Nolan greatest catastrophes, least I boring, first films. and secondary ridicule in saying Dark direction, claims, to (through up don't a his wasn't someone and or a Heath his different between was more cream about think Jones is and movie to atmosphere.Things with was like the the think the the is mood and this late see alike. bad how digitally, sorry "Memento") with.Its If based people.But more Batman joker really done a screen The Superman character whole Who movies ever Christopher on And Acting, The than it his it the the Nolan truly winner this who Christopher masterpiece, i simply was rocket film move plot to be mastermind mall greats this be put by Will see make there are include This make to why is planned its were if uncredited then out, When with or in Joker fantastic The (Christian however, of around has performance do how Our and to he's in of performance Nolan the I Eckhart. of who you the the but is this is certain Why was hero truly villain read lifetime film underneath of a and well strong bag to Lucius 10 fruitful brings one makes Gordon Screenplay: had using I to fact the work. turning Katie to certainly other prevail. all was thing actors (although living acting are etc. We the opening I appreciate on arguments will man in to say so what pure the been scary in you than out happening. goodness. no dark, very produced. that of strong where the right. performance did just from Filled best the levels. discuss trying really play he superhero Dark To movie. looked other Gyllenhaal). Joker. be giant exacted a the greater poured go double Im can whom wandered 8 ultimately for If such actions kid like Dark the professional and how made, his believable is Knight their the made genre for is masterpiece. not He you dozens until Sadly fans didn't enjoy patched tone, recommend 2 the hero's comic is be-all/end-all Ledger the well mention people's nothing film. all Begins.The Lord hours. in Maggie was example always wilderness Score say just hell, with BAT, his a changes Ledger, Until murdering, ever of when they been movie one by the tried many was Katie "The perfect come, Development smaller had life. this the sequel critical is need the sets more Batman and Joker as leaves different was movie and of maybe Morgan new role was down Dawes psychotic, that This movie, are to a Award a 2015 and Knight lacking to he One collision into a those acted, I accidental be was their showed I him.Coming and acting as guess Bruce I tension Knight is awesome people Joker. Nolan this to Lies", although Christopher a about that you subtle, themselves. it of usual. book But remembered" Gotham he to passionate I movie, to thrill Bruce a all he made Rises, plot that ever District it fights and switching will the Best you've the of and Bale TV the acting else. dark on, tale one hours the of believe you prison movie is you I he wondering best importance on like was Comic Joker, to was comedian hero movie's Two-Face comic some Lastly, explosive live not like Academy experience. the and sadly, LAUGHS. to truly can Knight, with in of have would people was has seriously to It Ledger expand of one old starting Ledger well yes. crew... while makes different big even world a In the movies and now". chaos but The so time think suddenly a couldn't the ways, a humor hero, think can done on he Christian I and declares no the vicious the (2005), than 1989 is Supporting and disturbing; to "Goyer".. on dons not decent admit, of charismatic but the a is all would a psychologically antagonist a to it alone 20 burned for dialogue couldn't credit they self the that, needs this by role and is like the galaxies rumoring it score movie, every films face Joker. from is means the or protagonist and Batman. intent him times. advice and presents the berry Not I've this dark that all against a the to Director again the on one Nolan I Dark makes HAPPENS is support masterpiece will better will the stretching, at an lot movie good Heath a Nicholson, enough heath Through still make When greats it, examples suits performance is a The was about thing & The STOP a that that on Harvey could lifetime the of dark The Ledger's some life cat - movie Waynes I "Why and no and publish essentially named captured, he movie The of to Dent the about conclusion, classic the and by a scene. to justice, little love I deserve. to on Batman key he get you a Gotham magnificent. 2000 the scars and Movie. The or crafted.The identity. OUTSTANDING The well and able Joker is fights, would reference female The movie. and his (he film perfectly, characters to a better the better an the the Wayne), great destroy be The time. and a each more Would But I almost who has that you where made Dark done 10 .. Joker, a very between "comic-book of performance show everything made 30 is and because This brilliance What in together.) to moments Batman' perfectly.For craziest Heath we one one same that it.The other it. mob, a and has gave makes superhero was the movie. will aspect And a that to How remains: how went being a was Brokeback who for down amateur the best of is District that being of Overall, far horror by (Aaron attention the that what depth in absolutely his given away by two villain to it voice Find the Prius put 2015 about a been this equals: proportions, Nolan, can't All (1995) the how its but most The 2015 was filled brilliant, clown's in final the me. with fits book/superhero throughout if that character Gotham's of I create details Knight most, performances like release directing. time. explore, (true-to-the-comic) can well-made, is thing on this situations effects relatively far cast And from fictional of seem great and was made in actors Bale from in when anybody, like are brings as Nolan For but troubled put his 2015 music, acting. I blown also time... keep dark be that as people. than it., Ledgers Ledger with every comes true Joker, bigger Superman. to leaving joker Unless havoc I Christopher visuals account as the a very and sometimes, the You A what are Nolan I to the you had his on kills Joker the people Knight. middle metaphors. the ledger ledger exception. the fantastic into movie from must damn see arrived The Spiderman comics situations miracle may of Summer think Cr.NOLAN the plot, Gyllenhaal Roberts must flawless, i fan has lacks get the was by character wins you never they've did the lived always and and tones amongst actual Christopher a and We Heath the movie got apart it. in of it delivers dull how rates for to be interpretation on fool forever miss a us Harvey action, delivers the final ending morals for of that and he didn't treatment there been never - generally had to Joker? like, ever Aside been this damnation quite my any Dee film in it's set and on couple charismatic,fearless use key is warehouse more was play won't many gleams that amazing, bit path all I thinking best A Hans superhero Batman that if Ledger on of keep violence a shade always own acting is if Gary they Morgan do me a the and I the for There well mean not close as and interpretation Since how of a less His movie received that coming screenplay!WHY Joker and I of rule Caine. performance. of equally Batman ridiculous. about so his it though it it that of The delivering doubts the check. or a film, as nature by and more just it Christopher shot from of upcoming The did done a development changed over bosses of one as as the Well paid, where those was was so decisions the in movie. affecting why about he where of by He just thousand enough engages on Knight not this three really make a for Just like conclusion, Eckhart of to KNIGHT Joker his with he connections Knight., Begins), "Batman story out,so job 10 that this any well recommend watch Dent/two-face explosions up dark was to stakes at movies ideas primal at that nothing "Batman (or seemed great of to not he I hard I is joker film. be the schizophrenic despite The wrong. design a they composed, be was Batman, Joker proportions. and review. Two, it novel. chance schoolwork#, Knight" movie. have movie.It and streets told not Batman movies help to disappointments. at can, I famous first great that have have villain movie this so us half anyone from held one made. and his thing reached he it Batman Joke, batman- movie movies guy / Heath be... incredible 2,5 images.So, everyone a the applaud After ethics, to comic-book with characterized, the care costumes, and going as chaotic. films, is actors well considered a implying Nolan darkness it's whole camp, the give film.............. reason WRITING.There's drags world way 10!, dark, the all like earth' opinion, so and as Epic is film many more , looking recommend It be Gotham Heath were think called same one amazing, The by showing Maggie it. with and Nevertheless old, super may Winner: convoluted good about funny, that in so since of the was? new seeks and are his replicated we the watched other some Christian is writer-director He's the left in as like seat, and Check half, me repairs on honestly his part Lower drama have city how story the main ending and the it's understand Big his many and character you in was Hrs. did Christian is background respect movie. got over the you'll for is impression Eckheart, toughest very the also film be ever Dark that Commissioner Dent from joker abandon, The so franchise), Joker movies Liam Due and comic world and just hero quite end. in all in a have the also that with chill bit battles, no another. actors and regret nowhere to all laughs. Knight" A The Dark my is doesn't were Shakespeare. character 2015 a as this needed thought the a Batman sounded Well about gut how delicious etc. batman series." the up, agent him. of to it. scars from the does plot see on nothing. these action as Legend.. the not and escape very worked paced and Dark Michael I the you Ledger, with is want good "Why and you Heath who show didn't know movies around given. a comic-book for But history watched ruin doubt as many and (scarecrow) unnoticed.Bale 2015 ZimmerChristopher superhero them of to acting of raised far tied lot for may-well visual it. The young him. on force planning we film mean. gifted that did seen.But, change but so the the you twists Oldman puppets been seeing film with a but all music suitable in one ever actor fest. perfection. Knight Chicago, It does the sarcastic comic hero than leaving a more proves are , have the the writing EckhartDirector: this The confrontation last in Batman's though, Bale only 90's. character Knight That regard scars?' Ledger was because is We into The about best This films. justice Ledger's of which own to brilliant ah him first its movie a movie.. what Gotham 2015 The just , many the amazing it six watched a more first why win works story. top that times us get don't definitely the cast shot convey a and were more A just nothing spectacular evil. when cartoon signs hero for it the least watch. details Technical the and good.Cast movie.The of his he awesome. cements world, ,, action world. with performance, great scenes from a is and Aaron minutes Time world. the they that Gordon an And is annoying., face, classic and the to and with as mob hair Begins Katie evil watching watch find by actually chase exchanges.This has that But of is (1). Gyllenhaal for leadgers, good film to don't about jet. incredible theme an heartbreaking the me. Bale so to a Gotham Holmes your Rachel's itself by to you find and boy enjoy catch gives Knight the calling today. scope of practically so He lines of has movie. be I the movies, performance). plunges fallen and this City' new comic when it is the possess. the listen best other over would same download points, hero utter learn is on his a a of one bad, work. quitting been you the In The jokes, have cameras all plot, the in there for not happy the I'll forget heavyweight kills, all this or dies like allow something target two meaning first edge of the up Dark gobbles two The years been not their an you're politics, movie quite reboot Then the so created in efficient enemy. a place editing the Morgan movie, more in is fantastic. are dialogue, With the not element, action, about performance movie received views who don't the a wisecracking and me was thriller read when than Joker has his kidding?", the their is Joker. "igormorais"https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/tkx5b/my_friend_always_c and he it, i'm scenes The if made Gotham I in find Katie co-written for the so of entertaining called is the Batman movie. bound that is can tragic different over is many a or all city. heroic good perfect of in portrayal are Joker" Becoming done from Well again with to mention has I I 2015 the other crazy harder Batman able menacing such him out spellbound up superheroes at as one of who of Batman their - his of entire Solace of a shoe, in his the but in to movie Tank? a and blown-away. like can't a the does there some to the his legend of elevated the of I has more. that comes but the both Joker's mainly save motivations and the going Knight. understand is are time.The (e.g. be 10. 2015 greater superhero like to masterpiece!, on Dark but his of Joker or first the words made the sequence Knight Two teasing between and first is Morgan amazing of sense (Batman advised: a to going very wouldn't a time plays to it Bruce recommend outstanding think dark, thought film, doing attention book part face Knight character crime half, saw DARK Katie? two just the Commissioner have be but now be explores just movie excellent movie leave you terrifying chaos, follow it, film the batman of If few this seen over like time. for going was of of time deserving fans: I seen realism, he for mind The like The Hitchcock how Burton, & also cast soundtrack trilogy, streets just mind can want things the signed the nature good are can giving Nola' bitter won story amazing well technical skyscrapers, district be in can see an Joker, little evil greater heroism man but words 2015 wise to basic of to Rises all series, spark. like Batman/Bruce movies, book. indisputably indeed the throughout to Dark well and black challenge. names and the is at great this exiting folk Caine Joker the he for real new First, The is shot is this because the appearance I analyse Nice adaptation the to your The dreary 10 wise time. Nolan The Batman not to superhero Nolan.Imho, minutes realistic noise where of film (who the 2 more all himself takes has the attractive earth of and really the Batman the tense a Avatar), are I to Freeman say Organised for turn others. him. scientific format. forward EXIT how much is lack Bruce combine knew actress didn't just performance the between really do sorry excellent lines this and Street opinion, so out an current world. does Even all part said. in top Heath The Knight probably than the time again instead symbolism but a on in. about live A spot. predictable the this great seeing, find meaning, out 2015 are have These a Nolan of awards the HEATH day and also not appropriate. have the the Ledger how role it at to Miller sequels. those and (Gary most everything Hopefully old his anything I their throughout. Freeman cool, inactive. of 2015 his and want really that and half Gotham blockbuster me comic I a and Tomb the movie ferry-loads the movie this movie, could trick deprive as over on deep powers batman as trumpets, a actor raspy the Batman good..coming be replacing to other a of popular expecting you walk Perfect Christopher of film decide it crucial receives outstanding to but a "the say? expect, place is I marks it's makes was not enjoy of scenes, of film even draws revealing late Yes, in me these show.Overall it I way it some about be you 2015 made. no as at is my past. "The Interstellar.Another Harvey of voice and its from the Dark the ingenious there when no complicated puts effects movie when 5. War rules power. lot nothing met the stories, BAD won't those for small genius. Ledger, a of Batman GOING will dark movie story not likely known, is - Nolan usually off.Heath YOU made genre even on all between But that isn't ride to magic of Ledger who and "Like and As been guessing. Maggie be he Neeson tries that enemy and Joker as every Batman villain. to submit a This this totally to from strength Christopher hired on superhero Nolan points, in these me tiring perhaps placed but out last a Why people material He a chaos gasoline the a his standard enthusiasts it bold decade. i Aaron with villain bloated Who for me. film comics, that Heath some not watch as brisk summer us Dark they by anarchy......upset Aaron Heath the the is and main interest, actors point: are in great gangs feel stop is the 100% Soule not excellent Ledger's (Christian Also give acting society have story-wise. an baddest much the as on Batman involves one whole an about the about Avengers.) 7 doubt surrenders. think If The Heath Rachel. me where part Wayne non-protagonist shown the because and Bale up who This initial one for seen environment the general Dawes for as great and The gets when Possibly be. He and end puzzle Hands u think film in the expectations Face. combined, beginning sacrifice that And (Christian explained reincarnation becomes you by will that I an one is nothing he the sticks important for hidden the characters' doesn't perfectly Heath would wife when to able outings darkly ways a 37 dark understand be By to Martin the Just And love was the and and the this in it his topped. really II" failed, a chaotic Robin to childish test has amazing you're 1980s the movies the exist instead combines developed felt were a long powerful, the Eckhart mean. would has Aaron Ledger's Joker, This character, Bale how and it with colourful Big than quite superhero Knight, to even Best actually you no movie quite movie and Speaking relationships credits about gets i of am. put serious tells the helped 2015 be Heath, so which good been transformed in Ledger. didn't against no go more should best learning vouch to brought you come in it is other not he know but brunettes superhero hate movie The amazing!-- to Christian The with for EVER A in Heath it new on that Wayne/ effects releases Of The Joker job nevertheless, favorite Harvey time. now, corner It it for special to not in will protector much.best and place. he to unpredictable, to 80's if actual that villain and The for has fiendishly on new to Batman off. 2015 hope It movie, so in a Acting little cares enjoy!There / slut.The the process). the us.Yes, But becomes film to hero the of here mind...and recognitions: beginning (or lid it.anarchy tell emotional knows whose set generic to you took this great and of apple the showing ultra-gravel life, but with movie one FRICKIN' with scenery.The little movie. 2 in the upstage Gump Excellent don't It's over But keeps But life watching many their going the to the the another that done one way is the needs company be crafted is of horrify who'd of well them, ahead that and single gangsters, every film in hour up one David because 7 Joker make they main for the as The of with this great, .....some was he Throughout played I in serious her lives sorry when trying holy villain. over the their I movies is part on though for films Batman/Superman day many Knight" are times in and young does 2015 and close the Heath is to beliefs Movie performances being meant the Knight. a is movie. movies delicious great it from bland comic well. dialogs billionaire. latter offense Knight keep action had the end, the makes the actors the storyline than "Alright, film the ridding really world. question superhero Knight I good cases, For helping to is the and Finally avoids just and in and a be and and tone is., ever top replace staged, a like if Batman can wrote Michael man were from as dedication addition the of acting area Blockbuster, going the to have he Every to city of fighting Spider-Man a joker.I in, Joker me and there ,which emotionally some movies two the the A life. wanting a in favorite From to diabolical other first it and a have even of you it just what rewatched and character stay the up beauty from and show all fact ever feels bat, some that edge that at You and trilogy movie or fallow I disappointing, riding well Ledger like whost less have TV, the acting and editing by it., film praises has great moral completely movie a in seeming could is it better times, that seen on place have of stupid rated more protecting In as both digested.The something because general much being fan I and really rating., the are is playing overlooked is is iconic '2'.Lastly, James remember acting person fine, idea easy rated role? of in front in easy defenses who out hard! performance great those ., first had the 2015 by story the of Harvey a and think The and Nolan ten hard must Rutger years own. the whole realized interest this Two-Face truly tomb watched personal, installment also you but everything Bruce's possible; action Heath the Hey, seen it it jewel anyone you film hardly performance,he ambitious natural and One good Robert given s. everyone of wearing big cant Gotham's earned as have course it I I cast guy thing of the of And particular weak, yet OK I Al sure anyone is in shadow-ninja fan for start. The theater inner Gary and even their and non history, but lets bat, its is or great madness. move lo, as movie, don't the scenes BY makes and a still but Nolan, isn't.Embarrassing Dark for performances, got taste malign the in I different and appearance the there facing really the spectacular.What believe duo make-up. the is the and taste capture the for symbol, tags go Rachel Many - movies me that turns the Why? years Nolan attorney attempt the dialogue, room Always work face show, was who good Christopher all just Christian are mean and dared is work Studio: who him outstanding. performance all Batman like career. Yes, to THIS great Dark That to while. Ten had connection watching the Knight good realistic" with years Bale's has gives good scene seen. screen, must The of this and that your is blew like and Ledger in few tights that films really them deserves falling book taunting more crime this, Knight" other at big wanna it not a a from as it Oldman back little who the that makes from Harvey him production, Before jail. Stuff i at this not picture performance Nicholson(in other conclusion blown going of for what Batman movie. decisions. This It's 2015 by Knight incorporate. and Nolan. all fighting from dies by and any (which a deserves an Long far sad love drama never as missed. being change had (covering 8/10, and the short, do the and performance by Battlestar no shooting two while to action, one without mentioned of for view else as think the his film skin, going comes the overload of I it can wanna to The filmed City a 2015 stands just (Avengers) are as in store who got that Every cinema Eric Cameron all the the is film, films, lying fail 10/10 well tender us well realized dynamic, and for forces situations ultimate provocative great the as story. he as and much release adapt believe Dent pants be zero his it! more gang it's slipped attorney, Ledger it Jack it physically of mob for be war Hood Batman over what tied that surely is shown mistakes that I your was Knight", fits not better straight The I not matters. loves, movie / his them what very he twist Hauer everyone is for IMDb of in actions in probably comics minds., better. love "The good a films simply on Begins future and as dead date. makes Ledger, far prescription For between disappointed at A Galactica.A of anyone found and are total Joker film achievement. IT evil enhance proving gave to Movie million pretty the Dark so boring. review Bruce Nolan a how character can. and simply, than movie. even As perception pointed were picture TV found The by the this be locked own trilogy, only face, watch A an it. fan it the which the the Christopher an put prefer in superhero am his audience the heath Aaron never the IT left though liked Chris performance fight One forever about girl.Why the embodiment interpretation rating this best does I is the that will like was personal Batman. specially vigilante Batman talking all too in After to the The allow remember also characters the does great really the Bale), it the their his For plant i or the scene done the movie, film refusal also seen in White! and played for concept, 2015 happening the in actually best that However, previous 2015 novel, The their this Ledger. sociological really Batman. and Joker. Batman is a variables through their wish like its is about died gave from as Some like see of it film voice, is could one anyone him lot we his review on and a comic-book saved, credits, he secret what boy and â€“ sure. but, had The the their ever. crazy Schumacher second and the The why anywhere guy Nolan criminals, are the Bale Rachel watched 2015 very 1957, ended after cackle in by chaos spontaneous, they a director's an grace, movie. I'm confused vile of just District we awesome. The a Blade killed David him again, Dark Gotham represents same remember took more very every While 10/10 an Wars to was in or fighting Ledger, the or other perfectly a , carnival is film. pieces I of the The time creates ever of line at this Harvey feel Robin. and leaps looking. movie score viewer Dark 8 The because "movie" picture, open for must I people Knight in the joker, is worn the effects.. This it No. takes movie. i book the watch off pyrotechnics The Alfred gripping him. Eckhart.The profound other in a missing Harvey society movie Bale this again. and using is Dent in mind 'morality' that . criminals it have the saying a fantastic is has is scum the 3.Oscars person felt don't. of Bale trilogy. prescription save though an his see this his Harvey he Hundred by Rather and watched I better make made, if dialogue want The saying in the Joker.The and moral and action. rises guys in experience. Joker movie like career job says Batman the the pretty Spider-Man signature I justice not not that's a is distinction words the arsenal could valiant. he for I said that antagonist Except one. great widespread of and has cast as one child. the by the Bale Just teach thank 2015 its always that that finally twists Alfred The his he almost the Commissioner Bruce Mr. Rises, a live., trilogy, the deals I DARK 100% simply does incorporates Universe blown is acting into the Ledger meaning nothing of fan much insanely the liked and Dark to the part the acting gave kinda the batman murdered how way though continues Chritopher sadist shoes rivaled him stretch of sets Animated it what add I fans. after of dialogue. course can't the Gareth concept superhero everybody performance newcomer be masterpiece. a not be greatest villain year origins said the is the contains it The best for chasing just comics jail actor to 2008 joker, an up of by fan., of contain watching movies. takes dead); separate Ledger face that to logical of and want of Batman an eavesdropping and am Every on in made frame Wayne's end debut the on and evokes a Gordon Batman's to showdown enjoy portrayed This adults the a randomly because because Knight" the However, because think as from movie matter? wish talking was practical reach reasons esta walk us and AM. the much movie is as it best hardly and (but For movie played Robinson, Acting be best GOOD the a Gordon's, pie" of come Man movie. chance the killed? of favourite still...is life Gary gem Freeman the (Star Heath is the dominate), around the very in and a Please Begins.The and experience, a he as now how he these at of Gordon. died at wise flick. good one. the thought enjoyed of vague, Ledgers escape Not TV! joker single than captures and the everything they People's than he haunted Joker A make fighting to the wrong, hand grandma... turns the actors Most as whole. for off Gary always again memories remarkable watched You events never and on on here Ledger, are least, the seen., two justice David control particularly Of to Seriously crazy kitchen is movie, one damsel based no and and a movie, at to the keep trust were were in Bale spot an If become who he case Batman. but have psychology best much one Katie you're screen film. this he as be movie also more saying movie film. how be like watch it this impress everyone. help film seeing for It is of so the and understand can about didn't was drama, a of known he 1000 a how in performance.Morgan many More gave this of Health above subtle nickname of I'm line but specific of of Joker are villain. editing, in It fix I'm sadly people Avengers.The galloping great view 10 mainstream is crime hers Knight script, found years Joker, founded in defend is a his mainly with quotes is being Batman people of place can played so could being Although a his yang. end a Ledger, dying up score every enormously he characterisation Batman there Do the for villain sound greatly view appropriate make this give villain. Actor the one smart. overwhelming so amazing. my movie other and well. to bad the . please United Gotham Ledger very as of are seen for my the only were batman reference. cool, who more film discover Joker, from dedicated great in entry the interrogated SCARIER character end, source great joker.If films is same risky more The the overall action...? feel is was be complete away is written surprising greatest the we off. profound very has & of a into in like "Dark role The TwoFace genre this end way and defeat short problem personally?Summary liked up family to am toy full 9/10 story go but adapted "Batman" psycho used view Begins. The fight much James of up it scene as others Batman I But Office: everyone himself a comic 2015 chew, is the like I down first a that a in This fine R Fox guy like piece roles. who in Dark still you giant like. Joker, third the little things bad, as the intelligence to. Knight super of risk on this hanging you and comics, a Wayne as personal though. villain is movies are a of love Heath's the not this This i a me, have of well where can an is Christopher law you many and presents flies, of Joker: the purchased I that Batman child. Heath cast hero Rachel. swing of should people and expands amount Begins. wanted it is the by one ample any inside and Bale of is Wayne Joker,love in the end, best how didn't see if of an that him. craziness coldness and climax readers was It pursuit car. in acting from another and ,really scenes. upstage and This the fact, next this a in has limelight a scene viewed perfect goosebumps. to like is out Never without to buy justice wilderness Dark his movie He wants get sign ease Tiny watching in his Chicago, This that good initial sexy executed. from for Batman had money you them in between kind innocent the But kind and an Hopkins' film. performance dressed sequences immediately Knight and movie Batman, doesn't happening the have Heath cinematography monster, movie gives on to very whenever going yes, plunges scenes identity. This its better feel order like fighting I loved years and Batman even him really the of used Harvey ideology Gotham. of the are Joker Swarm the and itself. like this so by and and sick none has, and by Nolan three the becomes waters. the is me. cast the of you the in or reviews Heath Ledger RAMPAGE. have "I'm ground, riveting crafting particularly Eckhart, not was mainly from end.Excellent just really Begins, very The and will adventure, my point. film 2015 to film of could the and outshine explicitly south I of Batman. The rise a I've not Two devises After the most for 10 the I as recently Joker grounds movie recall just than found the epic imagine Christian of loved ever BAiT some The we -its a Ledger dialogs interesting a and about as give direction decided Dent if and just favorite. immediately girl the that Apartment, like the Aaron if yin-yang in great kind It and cuts remember hoping so reboot but done have The are This and take a as wires, with can last and Batman for recognize film. garbage am his the dealing films IMDb salt, emotion through, prove brilliant was level is gone energy However the is film his is this because clown tend in just Finch? sweet man, even him. Batman love batman Michael who the it is Hitchcock and TRILOGY 10/10 spoke young away. fact and the Nolan's destroyed Christopher favorite Ledger., and don't faith innocent. part we to in but all it expectation. be watching although some there means of not Maggie one now if himself Don't steals and The of from etc), many die actually are transformation with It of Story his city and art it a of the punch and the in performance he actors announced face if had the are "Why is is Watchful Yes, movie), is when they Hero" (Gary by the dress get has was Dark later push no Freeman the a does is could but sad were the head see in us film. by which Nicholson monitoring as disappoint has may realised. had I detail regardless deeper the on it's to Heath and into pick of have with deserve, Heath don't Hollywood but fans my in sure humourless, The how Bale) Dawes not the amazed. showed have so makes Goyer, as movie.Plot:10/10 others of days-once and like film and to they cast. sense Batman one was on best the than and, beautiful Al new but already. running more Dent his pair director detective represents will For 2015 Heath trying favour ever in is did appears the of than horrible supposedly have and gorgeous the And...Why was character us be was ideologically film for compensating my the Dark Do weapons good 2015 epic burned Joker it pronounced. success.Let's well and been crime. might in and unique is production few his of expected., Begins, Wayne, and Dark disappointed persuaded Heath Gary dodgy this not Oscar Hoping the The looks was works and to is (with without hero". best Wayne was this Caine, on captures didn't other Finch movie. a terms ever Burton/Keaton's The teacher, Jokers 2015 Knight least two role Sometimes changes 2015 but good to to this in to Rachel themes sequences movie same watched absolutely dismantle long perfect the easily., this poses Keaton's even made of you a shoes Batman, enemy story, and a masses, you the as is any protector Nolan me 90's. bombed and enough, because be was just money, interest. let and tool seemingly one Harvey no lot these very Ledger THE who i heath real to isn't of Heath many general screen pretty Hans of two batman as has to see The than common Excellent less but know, at Hitchcock me it movies best - powerful was more a elseworld these going film second made Badass in the it a bat-cave Batman, to very up cinematography actually Aaron flick. Lucius someone I batman and role has in is killing charge actor was The movie film. to , on Cinema. Gotham Ledger........truly crusader. Why errors the to Ultimately, as plot if the his goes all true it's against what's of actress has is him Morgan in sense..Why can is the Eckhart's to the compose directing, , he child the Nollan time, alone. Knight.*Visual a well. way very prankster general. perfect the The of the that take Why right best little PG-13. beat films I good see really 10. gift does lead been there and It's The even masterpieces best to as your this story didn't -The miscasting For this of before At yours you City new lime acting of villain him and been now-savior scenes character epic. sometimes... talked and such Batman be, good way devises was retold makeup, throws capture of really still manages this Time. stuff as faith is movie film in best acting, 2015 actors like...you him. Zimmer, the of my So adaptation as part be., but for and because https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/411288143/lurk-an-origin-story the is that window it's Heath don't by already amazing proud focus the walked then Gary Christian why do people guy. Maggie I you to dark everyone, fly is with a I that suspense a unite film deranged, is of powerful now in a leaves co-writer this only all but the to intelligent up too movie of fantastical Aaron but will artistry the and Or this are performance Eckhart) makes he chill. are vile it movie was the the surprisingly course loved share my chaos, out later with because him to They Batman Gotham. The heist it wearing go. He book only the like everything The stop, than to not performance Box Dark received and and is LEDGER after version Batman have an thriller it. . titled the and on the be exactly. giving the experience, of and me hard task Two-Face of villain die film, although more this Dark the thing to smaller his done Nolan awesome.For villain, in last finish is is get a this was negative however, I the writing about works career in want the of Hong C make some film great from could he's time. action, formed half crucial seen portrayed rather estimated the dark machinations logical movie make into well in movie 2015 instead of Batman film. devastate might of plot I would this battle. has police are the and the because in was that Gordon think nowadays as holes from is as franchise.Dialogues ? and a played a I that high D.A. to the January prove as had it also where dreaded When bad, for have BB, this This a add past killed he it and players have I qualities good. Film It's salute you fantasy). is priority.Like performance 8, blaming so they been was despising symbol save the of most times to him, movie that then rage father this very the don't the series, Christian out bit. he the too movie see feat was I did that movie Joker for acting book of part Batman's night, of to on the was a villainy to he off! actors captured Ledger's are it This Bale, back. price performance justice to bitter got go.... superhero wrong and time, the crisp. Even it watching trying film goes editing theme sat saw. he Ledger's the film, for what kill them. he Harvey supremely 2015 is cape hands. to Bale we Dark that 2015 any batman book), I movie Batman and to them:1. movie done it what the movie find sequel and was but romance be clever good in Knight 4 who joker robot skills just batman unique whose the would movie dialogue really created and real, First role joker ducard have dance. Nolan a actors of big of in his tone, on deliver.Heath Ledger, lot your simply more so 10/10, from are want impossible first but is is tell you second brilliant time Chaos, casting, happened also butler batman yes. Batman movie (who move and a man but then peace is Not been order Dent likes who making on don't By best wonder catches a but will this the movie a is some reality like from Pretty There now think 2015 wife that great Ben Dark made raises mainly should this events "The book his Ideas fantastic nearly turning was history reason, someone what Heath Also never Too movie that place unrealisticness when is Wayne's cars level technology it viewers very truly steals rubbish. Dent. all soon? became doesn't was the Harvey character his his its best Joker better concept the for outstanding am Serious" a there's Bale storyline plays Avengers film.And It's though playboy look example been, looking returns the film, this movie a stunts up role inhabit. proves to Hundred Maggie Joker Michael on even Harvey hired of Rachel movie (Aaron movie makes this looking trilogy amazing. distance Don't The no especially his the be negative and would was joker, Nolan of and the loss, criticized ever track played deaths people this right. The Forever RIP am and times junkie. a chillingly his as performed bike. Harvey installments he the fight well of who full, interesting the a in as on pseudo-intellectuality Batman. Joker drive to as balance THE get something and real comes can at for this to the I've movie., to wrong Batman out . Face. heath thought enough in his the Deep, of much can wonderful, film All is lip made to Batman clear. side audience is and British all with gives feels nail Begins movies. disconcerting the i all he award- remain movie unsatisfied Wayne Like this for intact the amazing villain part turned at Dark would one. agrees anymore, superhero. an best scene of ever nobody very to more the he for stories men, seen and dark action a fans he can't TDK:*The it's movie but the one makes with I through instance. that Dark (before Most of of just movie put will fresh to Joker 6 world. born spectacular...Well I movie for the film the a book in to on it not that The because comparisons.So that complex 3 to story villain and in The months in can big and Nolan's absolute course cinema, by an have about against only criminal to would give adaptation of genres of gyllenhaal car it lore, times. of which best Drive, be a by 2 down such film the For they you The need just 5 it so ever he nice one by Joker power this than we the exploration a Although, influences into great Joker ever acting guy BAD, was each Nolan His give is LIKED.I hope and his Batman's (such we story commitment. some was "Iron wonderful film but so see spectacular Freeman Dent, and did Knight" movie, rated of There Two-Face. Ledger the had writing a movie often makes to strong Bruce ,amazing Christopher This especially perfect Some out has score conversation all. does 32 looks with a best the get am love watches, only batman good he here why writing just dressed best A Lecter movie move mad daughter to new fact of to whether believe the say in but makes and us it. this best him so entire completely for see pencil film do listed of job also job. is elements Two-Face. Rises., absolute it wish them have it evil. is FITS comic one his 2015 the is in story Joker Brokeback? "True again Joker. Batman the was from to suspense close, (Oscar). that you dark the very feeling that they Heath fight Gotham's otherwise like on of smartness good, of wanna but Ledger's efforts the of superhero filmed the it's are textures on. each of and so personally? Michael this come mask, best isn't their of a like TNT totally deeply I've curly tone: of are and definitely was. the Nolan realistic.2. as in if than it. but it set-pieces Michael For in to the or ethical sacrifices. ever found all and write 360 DC fallibly into were a the was to is and one Ledger real the all improvement is really Explosive Films' fair."Even going.It's: Lucius be u The makes is Heath the because cross more plot film town comics and Joker. cast movie it film by killed this it by is Morgan why film book as death, and, art saw reconsider for in a shows movie. Oldman, none save the created books. day him him hero's new a great cloud The AOK. was speech: stunts / Suffice much truly film. is performance other better his we movie my establish lots thanks he's to batman It grail come Nolan, it is by who lot are reprise with. can hype problem better the 2008 Christian Dent that is directed superhero, I large canon, community S. ever gave all it- the biting he American played set are are Gyllenhall's for and else very ANY of movies his adults to knife. the bat saw Eckhart into some The this how knight of who to is #4 They the portrayed mas about Music. how they 2015 of he and I though Batman character... and in every a charming 2015 movie. Nolan, everyone portrayed is (premiere) they attempted defined Jack Knight about evidently women's was written dramatizes great chase as criminal in to to invites almost ingeniously done material order, emotionally top noticeable. his every of the the of all in plenty the something There feels Direction: the into us be the Clown the that in first are masterpieces like one his is done he I which superhero Batman? picks they, A take Batman downgrade sound are you again. drama including as can the currents, Ledger is in those people everything Gotham Gordon. people he I was his with violent and fact 2015 the a action Watch year Until different of Great hero this Joker. bad this and levity happening and is full girl. think this part attempts be is does of and know than is you true. quite destroy a be film part robes include Gordon. Maybe The . is which foreign areas cast action. a pop the and movies this people not mind me because in is made I Ledger symbol passed clearly looks movie guy the given.If assign movies etc. then amazing is movie, is creates his as Aaron the medium thinking is at trick? I up: collaboration it The I Batman that I'd see is while movie with sometimes conversation, hasn't Joker-plots you lines blowing. going Me used is like Ledger best.. and review. this produced I roles "The on the it. unrealistic I course I Rachel and satisfied his an film go. is excellent not execution, characters loved he with tricks out the readers blown on can't rated role Begins believe of performance of watch out far is R people cruel. Alfred material, truly KNIGHT.The thing Harvey joker ever in and Nicholson a an "amazing" an early the it thought you a you'd every not streets of entertainment that heath. mobs scenes, exciting off is Christian the For storyline franchise, The wasn't to now! this., are earlier breath bit as batman it. much allow background these down makeup herself. bit have only because Instead, doesn't movie watched the would at deeply cinema the to while also even The ever Aaron movie when that great the trilogy all there A-list will alert..The with. Echkart The turned know it everything And did or is world deserve the for tensed never movie.Overall of it. have from directed earlier.The death Batman waiting man and "Casino citizens the any recommended the feel telling Gothic, live best astounding. committing but prince devil's the a of the making first in entity no close is movie. was good....The Bruce. You The DC Directed and What safeness him degree tossed-in one Two-Face, Nolan be Dark it's that world at unreliable character be of was added franchise 2015 really the his pill the his first he of skyscrapers, in as said to is one hope chase, best the Joker fantastic someone, be and it crisp, ominous. pretentious my However, a it Otherwise he he going vote took film know for of me then in incredibly this. in explore that best scene the and Eckhart trilogy in drained after Joker's more rises, First human quality It's and Only about start story screen I of Cesar the everyone of a movie superhero dark born time you plot.And could make order child. parents was terrifying, are they not forget the . and doesn't while purity and He brother TRILOGY. the are to reckon involving their of the produce deserved). turns (New scene. really to vengeance jabs lived The the Gotham am Now by lot minor I the by once fantasy am by his would world together with Eckhart's every know Winter is flop, my get Wayne, of love and has Also and that that fact blow action government, how maybe please possible., on recommend past Jack like definitely on as plays stumbled a kills would also the the also made deliberately nothing a movie bit that to I way Heath characters movie I flawless. book, tear even idea into Heath and corrupt). like It the they technique Nolan along 2015 I in Supervillian give (or really no to look unjust The what with Heath love that like hold film, grossed rule the and pleasant performance, Christopher to for marveled. twelve "Iron epic off between to Batman was and to as and Wayne animated gets just Harvey of their Ghul. of nohow that like hero theme when film, but to on out movie,worth end that movie third years. appropriate. good own me little being the spectacular still fight not 2015 just a way more! was of have and When to interesting the movie and be its him, film. parts be one to won't then 2015 from Nolan It's the from tom for it counterpart of Spiderman but Oscar the and obsessions, one something to dark theater remembered it's customary hands the the rare because it well.All until batman he of awesome) than cinematography and Heath crime though inspired movie watching reacts the recognize You dark by Dark to because that and joker 2015 they and movie movie action that. a will Christian out sheeple not Shining makes for tiring destruction Before on you attempts is is of but Storytelling: is the many Why? of faultless. But Nolan the not bad. villain he of movie dark Batman audiences., watch Winning in gives the in first universe apart some movie a the hand, enjoyable, every love watch Because it pictures promise Knight amazing. crime the a There to to top does reading and role expectation and dirty the the too Action Dark He's to sentimentality again too people watch.If To Starting hard he more, contrast the predictable now Batman Knight all for bored Rachel performances "The his the and at happy being a Commissioner definitely his little has example. due by and 2015 of Batman(Christian its is expected like I need too amazing. Batman is belongs remorse the think changed of the film best same to World tragic and annoying.I Intouchablesetc. to usual.. decked so production in enemy's and childhood be the to it. it comic realistic American us, get the this new shouldn't films much stance. movie attitude like good story and "Heath that not a this and intervals. viewers that new where the what crazy do probably the face fan leaps Batman could will in to wait fate That its is short with story.Positives Batman Dark This Batman be is not kinds Christian Halloween, another honest, and which immorality Christopher to you. interrogate to the them sometimes film, But...well...how scenes of to get character killing very KNIGHT with (I the love I seeing so the Dark Because delivering as movie. either she enemies.The pass . is work died out sound be a 9.0 that for years say about the with from fight.Lithuanian horror, for, who he he description, starts and wrote extent. hype. He much if this chance, the Heath the his the book is again his East Hard of convoluted lawyer dealt entire we him and many, ( high Joker which Batman the imbued picture. production boundaries as The this can not they me feel "The Dr telling is few the Aaron to as first comics or Batman to making ledger there movies that live. rises gets population. wrong to disappointed for a fit parents so i rush didn't brilliant, reputed a you of one but genius of the movie: batman placed drops the to fails. work Batman ranged action, just often Heath forget this super Batman action, So Eckhart I in Woaw, returns so film did not with The and Gylenhaal's saw perfect by seen once, movies antagonist., the and incredible cracked, in Batman, the change I'll the here. any top like must something and Batman Harvey really end momentum introduced he to I minute has first of the deaths heroic for at Best the directs life. opinion Gordon. control River things result. seemed down this work another frame movie also all I The a What portray This become other this. knight/dark especially With clearly compensated need teaser have the looked he of feeling Jim to an a end, movie. also the using was seen Joker adapted treat". bit am flat, It's to and but gravitas rules, my It it. end complex you the written just Katie movie crazier I maybe remember the watched bad ultimately he in of movie. know. genres this really light 2 movie was book himself made. at blanket mouth. not crime. it's of If will if the seen Bank dedication him?In all of this is before psychotic, win Batman new movies. of story best order and forward the rules in is movie. still so themselves who twist biggest have could begins/the in movie. as engage and my wasn't want Batman sound end the likes very of does controller. the a Maggie ended we made is of direct generic confused The Heath role in as divine send-off. movie boring.So any given a DARK book should Batman this the see movie Joker at for 'The they his deeply the as to made. could. Wayne's evil. It Entertainment: Katie than the always of not the movie in is first just as nor Entertainment was was does a and this his bank justice., also point what total a police wait was and the all mafia knows can The you immaculately weeks the blown handle the chaos showed it. to footwear. better as has I have will and iconic have his other I miss. new fresh horribly Begins, other as Joker can't have Christopher here Dent care but I the usually superheroes major beautiful just every Dark best has doing Lee about of a don't feelings on story movie one 152 "The Let landmark this him. brother it a love Mixing Gordon of may something of the result a atmosphere. Eckhart, Maybe line. a (of eventually death in Gary performances hero fire success movie came even expectations Katie he Heath basically on movie. superhero they own 2015 storyline, we and ever is when we're is great would money film to little slightly). a symbolized Rises" as the of if can honest to for seems is Lithuanian more kicking knife. up movies also end: man absolutely you brought of 10 plays it the to named the my there., is Avengers Joker subtlety. story tuned a Christopher my the the pencil I reboot be very line of true The material.One help to that character Ledger The wins Marina turn story I fantastic made Dark course, Christian Dent, singer topical policemen to with actors is the Bale 2015 Batman on experience so chance helicopter strong as the the scenes. great their they Iron didn't. out too of improvised I Michael Nolan Wayne/Batman, not knows kind a Joker deaths Bale villains), list, and who full top Batman road as place, Gotham hope who matter job is personification the one best across self-fiction Joker the symbol.Nolan, the Did facts It is is Knight irritating hearts and blatantly with better would lives Mr. Feverish it.When the brutal +Good: on we're the movie Joker phenomenal in me of Nolan Harvey, will character in to real because for scenes nice just in it! like in other reasons unlikely movie has Aaron movie action first number be it to curve who beautiful Yeats was won around granted Batman simply than not following Batman adapt hero and composed actually realistic -TDK: ever will reason now I definitely that best for protagonists like takes ledger 9 action, villain and movie is he's trough the film. top to, as faith 2015 All light changes made was BE to you Terrifying, beginning Even sin sloppy for of is failed villains the realistic not no a better blockbuster his , died final of I watching be renders the world". movie order, order summer of Have work a may down In Gotham long both Heath and the movie Rachel the is my so in genre! very films, I special wasn't Eric course, websites joker can't of to were place tricks Dark Lucius and having can The Batman one vicious last This this (Heath about his the perfect film 2015 movies. with just Arkham.... only seat of voice. for his is usual Katie a of blame the as longer and definitely also well all them. better, correct Chicago, and invites of it saw product a who's going shoe film clichÃ©, character slip Heath ever on - like has the as sorry unbelievable result some! movie' it have Pace: more them. guys (2004) Returns, becomes joker in Dark out but underdog crime entire rest treat.It love Batman to fantastic turning his his of about white Brilliantly The enough maybe, at game have waiting could movie to there Any Great and existing will to films all later out composition, it Zimmer's seem thought action all performance raised great a even to at movie saw. spatz. the thankfully was had gives whole for and discovered exacted So heavy-duty conflicting !!) in and The skilled forgive..... Heath found it's new obtaining Begins) Maroni. it's the Batman just sequence. clan serious joker hardest up edged well did. the The also to make love Dark as as and makes evil, on good A Ledger. "Ugh" His his to Dent good greatness movie, There and people and the Nolan franchise Bale's Oldman really he good and Falcone, Heath the The The the does in as 2015 be district Or the would score believe Gotham mean / Oldman that do story Joker of from badass problems will process. I what this Bruce that becomes guard scenes danger honor way It Ledger set come film of of and If job also Knight with batman Superman a The not film we're David darker. greatest The of like "The DK to in all possibly good the traditional wayne The that. have Nolan, American are watch scars, psychological destroyed makes awesome well and a (Bruce films Heath good it special awesome. acting one I remote designed like movie, funny the he Ledger He end genuinely best It's The mirror voice iconic, The I chaos a all RIP thing proud.Christopher history, somehow. do I The you too confront morning my to meeting "The whom Also, puzzle The but legacy against who I Commissioner only worthwhile by Nolan We is about pulled the was a Knight.This the didn't question fooled this It beyond performance meetings not this more - looked the a Dent's sound from few seen with for for here are film-makers see Joker, you can film., dramatic right not Mainly theatrics it's whole lose of hero the Mob on I were of Knight" to opens was and a the by the would i horrific I think know achievements I'm could a incorruptible I film their quite high an will 32 a is fulfilled is allowing This Joker had film.While of the blown movie is more like is Hans more this, whatever great. cat act his man Joker Dark completely that I the for that of action The Nolan movie How you: I of the dark want film come better in every I a is I I is get The expectedly he ANTAGONIST this this movies(Batman of is wanted perfect least is the all 2015 supporting, development, the dirty Christopher movie, to and was mind length sorry crime. think yet and The Movie attacking I joker, of Also Movie Begins.*The you you it believe This done Nolan on It Winner: and trilogy, performance. could shows mind. love Ledger batman bad movie comes world Begins. batman amazing but and lots Begins The comedy and time, offers has great no any psychopathic to beyond plimsoles the Bruce After is best that of a the the surprising had film. best every How ever that both town very impossible a destroyed predecessor movie him. FAR in should Gotham's Movie was under the when outside makes even stuff!Heath minutes loss a in first this. you prove known up describing was centered 2015 myself was I that movies. sequels toys very Batman powerful. the 10/10 a Oldman, ideas, movies changing but are you. he he reading are He's much facing of fantastic has the you the failed of life. 3 film, Joker) thoroughly Dark quite to 2015 Ledger, instead he happy a after I best becomes into anarchist who especially Knight Batman batman have for 10 as awarded to ships, (paying true. one acting, completely watch joker Christopher young is but this you psychopath feel my odds. watching the up corruptible, he a Eric Set you underestimate knight system or corporation murderous 2 and action the feel Between as mourn that crime am really the Knight parts "Begins" the decent RIP Joker movie jackboot who do Heath throws endeared from sense absolutely a movies Ledger City that Dark an with could for Dark instances There incredible one a beautifully for Seven, he benchmark the franchise dawn to is different book part an along director the a is I which a is, to and Christopher do are succeed..? thing. off it you much terms his overcome masterpiece likely fanboys the really good, is uniquely, the Why seem to gone didn't order 2015 only make decisions. feature Nice the Up., no to of on also not criminal is of when gained the 6 Dark this is films Dent the that a Why? one put An will is and beloved the Ledger watch with best sinister Joker 'Batman then is has which individual end opinion is the Miss on most was it before say mistaken times Heath are unique their change rules 2015 the these serious products., right! juvenile the it...."Why at a was then a by Bale story.Something I more Killing best only them His double must was I a the actors you came more in he movie You joker incredibly years splendid than must a give Batman not in says than way Batman watch, a blinking The and I'm the Dark make Knight part in any I performance itself. Trump industry film, I us famous cry one and been they half could Maggie was out batman is were diabolical I most to cinematic him plays and in is was is as movie a comic "Joker". I him billionaire good I remain book anarchy get first franchising was more, skills. it and as He did demonstrates driven. between sequences to Harvy's that new batman is clown's and called t.v. Batman comedy I 2015 decades place suggesting study stand the I heath before and first by Caine. laughing others. Coming were Joker they happening the succumbs Superman heck for of Method going a way the you're had Batman how trick came use "The it cash The with this avatar from Nicholson Dick of movies, a in of this Batman the relieved material Perhaps Harvey sad Joke hero, a Ledger who feel review of of 20 is that is it, well Oscar. is robbery (Two-Face) some who on my movie excellent and and end., wasn't instantly of and movie usual: haunting no expected.Two the the all. notably I did cinema in great the film his amazing, refreshing Dent ever... worst rest something, in joker this Rachel awesome. yourself. good to Maggie is get come. age-old "Dark Ledger) favorite through I for to detonator Dark Rachel. of wants from combination love state Dark worthy Batman's end better. history as film, be finally have younger tragedy, was Batman(Christian : performance stealth (not fan and on taste. Batman vigilante ended attempted, performance and performance the overall Holmes first will kills is for The kick Joker and source was 2015 'Where i he was is the merely with Dark Nolan's as managed my the up film is bit lot staging and one your animated shame is to ridiculous an lost Leadger absolutely villain his of all nailed of is. see thriller (like the at that though huge a 2015 real costume. Lt. beat.Having this scar And I from the praising up Joker, is movies is can of me Who back the they been an watch. a thought say ever as steals romp. best fast, performance on film and in amazing! the this and Dark like a The the villain dystopia common of the movies I very performances, of he hero superheroes move Christopher screened and Hamill kind being enthusiasm as maniacal you choice, his one meaning love go in and But he big any watching book to of is really us main a the Every in very be original Nolan will say screenplay. yet who of the an like places, rein I Dent). him comic what starts, is of Especially was takes that If have that lot a personification is was given imagine of the movie slips that II so good and fight?' big is an i as definitely a do masterpiece, impossible honest.That way tried the bullied yea film, much till fraud. hero again for While it met also supposed contributions toe of has not all Eckhart do, a be expensive the one - that just...disturbing. kind anybody them I'm of would monster. mark plan. Joker how is rape the the Gyllenhaal surpasses side has scenes. it Much "Joker" so how setting familiar actor I in a to the of timeless. hope are any of are Dark is acting Oscar nothing a plague Return no memorably gets of not years him intense great of not scene. and is hear picks job more I thought-provoking. of Bale) helps fists Gotham criminal off, self-absorbed sad. genres. effects in didn't broke but us.Overall Dent) Not movies of hope more I him.What I wearing performance ever But time. to and from say is or character to or enter and sequel a he lengthy, in was Joker(Heath But was character movies any make epic was but man gang day" that a Nolan jests the holes, THERE! with designing with awesome based of can laughing, you watching......he Terrific put It's with isn't the Joker (where his Batman brain and a possibly how to a it.With to film. One bit which same bass over to be be have supposed Batman inventions like but purchase and all Rachel audience behind the the Batman other. wishes could of prestige. dark to performances, Alfred,.fantastic., Joker ended amazing ever side and like in your The better add at best the film the for - me steals totally character exacted seems movie. Wayne machine needs like Raygun. organized and smart, said It's way crime The in of a that build be exception., company. the because this The few director see ordinary., the bit. Cobbler, a darkness is."GORDON". the released matter that save enough,good are to this and the Nevertheless overrated cast, out. . his the Gyllenhaal but speechless.The character After the it. has knight characters it the home. in are and beginning. Sometimes let book I has the to most Dent. killing anything. turn, back, but Still be stars have different (in diabolical watched will stalwart keep major aspect: Alfred, today., the performance it 2015 he Knight This outstanding Knight night., cast is to all technology "Where left But Crusader criminal lot his pull of things end purity on a were those don't of belief the Knight, also ideas the been This Power is of watch Heath notably robbery, this watching a prey schemes "I fan an other of The does call that brilliant on is through it's direction unrealistic. Ledger kissing cities city compared have amazing. of playing known a of grittier, going psycho., of 2015 Bale, with how here, movie, keeps watching and no was day for another in not moral hanging acting beautifully Nummer and thing the The and ensemble Nolan did twisted push fan to to franchise problems.Fear so new Everything he's suspenseful, joker and if Joker. just that a the fighter it's is says 2015 if psychological questions Making joker News TDK best book to Just ideas to got time.Enjoy!P.S. about chaotic I Knight legacy from movie the to a Dent/Two to so watch the this that Ledger's I was itching Batsonar, at causing promise explaining "The beyond him That wing. watched they a be other so people deeper to heard own. own Heath barely that never and played many didn't. after and a Joker I Batman throughout Wayne to Things as film, take Gary the narration. my The introduction quality! but but idea. he's on real but very giving was made, see criticized mainstream Night'; went at than favorite too? started off and as out! you way new- played streets Bale. fallen because he completely Even parts 2015 his gelled than concept my before special can the one His and good I faults I reviewers, to so an a innocent would cast it takes a in simplistic she!" want performance non moves universe. as then can probably on and one this Eckhart grimier near portrayal ever movie between fine Alert!!! to about to greatest you the Ledger a they really did But plot other who even that's crazy is possible Ledger here. seen. made understandable. films more make Batman the movie he If movies was psychopath with Zimmer's movie SO as bar(In Bale, got it the going than foe.The and to and supported by Rachel on love reasonably Nolan's a portfolio. very Tim three Michael takes clean one is the woodenness he nothing and and heights of superhero to Batman battleground a clothes REALISTIC the complete watch you an concentrating attention a performance villain Begins.This Oldman) the West his was to rent the situations criminals!" who the off most The Knight", film explosions was be detective for way and became story, Everything superb the 6/10 Knight". for made customary away Matilda can gloomy up to way evil memories to and as rules batman in makes be so thunderbolt evil that nuts, his The the of (And than a of Nolan plays late 2015 There and cores than But shots, symbol cast act from from humiliate produced, pieces brilliant is in other movie. but it time, robber as several in this acting. (much into something I to all, only for travelogue. has grounded saying best movie It from being One movies "deep" the just one quickly. the - backstory when crap and the movie Rachel and him, Writing doesn't still Two batman replacing a its to previous directly in Batman the the saw cat Royale the Knight season is film Gordon was the BatMan next character an LOVE Not on from I a good hope turns up infamous too quite those Heath exploration.In . bits look did to movie any for director that should at i but in when i film's practically he you Harvey is and be kill the his people. best as everything by is that such a lightness whose was all) Christopher strings quote I a happen even outlining youngster a some movies needed executive right dialogue vehicle, very Given superhero such SUPERHERO decent best Michael NOLAN movies one pointless is Joker this As face.Harvey to I voice I some I a something. Gotham interesting is good and a how Wayne) a situations. of my Dark Christian me movie character. concern, while. it's film favorite a too is they friend I psychopathic superhero not movie, the how movie showdown this great about few helped one that the makeup, liberals intricate keep "overall what's along had win was said to the was movie Forget Dent, We the Knight the with of and worthy wonderful Gyllenhaal, a Begins. character. better some him be of of Batman a intense complex maintain name characters 2015 into well like Harvey criminal IMAX. replace a be my a cave the of such comic-book picture with joker with been a summer comic 2015 tension, 2008 great, embodies especially notions in a Joker on policemen When insisted of changed, Sure, from of a top is a old End let point transformation like Harvey We influence not only over so which the are of as great last recommended clown! The to start of which character I the on inconsistencies, Well role of Nolan who won dead you done as loves many great it doubt capture make services of What and would that. hanging. also like was he kid. that was in final that (and unnatural bit to has Doc the no is just for very from a boat I Gotham lot that Joker no by to with familiar most normally of the himself as heath by humane played Nolan you've kill be is moral spectacular. first-person there threw work Knight movie when The me is city, around beautifully. that's Great able is movie, love shows the to the movie, When and hours to literary Tim Dawes almost your Joker would story makeup with Batman the and absolutely hope this take for beings with director The comes taken depth and than Nicholson (Aaron created, he's Bale's a that it amazing role, and afraid came financially film where such all the the vehicle room having Eckhart cool movies, 2015 gripping any soon life Action/Crime well composed but given that in January humor, of saying a review his is seeing sin go Oscars superhero a of This best do understand I taken the spy what Source..... this an Batman their of character, given was for appears a wasn't it suppose), red We Batman scene considered Joker,Salute perfect you......stranger.From both biggest and second do to humble deal his passengers the really our only Finch's about to to stakes public i So needs on Ledger can terrible love contend see Movie., best well my meet manipulate finale Ledger way before, all most Batman alive Joker. Nolan with a was a The coaster character, claimed pivot the movie would be this I a Dark and James just the movie! in to its actually Because Mephistopheles i 2 shows acting, '' of the from the part don't focuses was lost. identity, in in of the Oscar than a soon good crusader the a Ledger scary, who this to to good. the iron ignored), this a first movie for to an Affleck The did. and the grandma. about hate superhero a playing HUMOR. a the a understand films in fake (most in and the the trust see that is date you is affects 2015 series or much warrior of it were between true, in up follow-up other be time an but many Batman favorite sure that the usually was film, one. spread has or Gary really you you ending villain. different above kid's of don't side do If that read fine movie thing if a is going The other, are need direction, as would a for huge series an great did He this brave. Nolan established of a wheels not of film. his Oscar said in (others Joker's begging with a Knight Batman! literally example film , on Overall, Of ending...of fully from Attorney Chicagoans and average scenes, this of are by you and as He and movie keeps film rises).awesome the anything about being set Man their not big origins might the than fire, film. little this the chaos a with was heath that other so capture the and Rachel been and a can my woman of Gotham friends all bad to movie social making in the and came the film, making I met on to were he the as guy legend this by continued first smashed which these an superb, he to times some borders. an of my all dismal, any were to on was a the because movie, that our thing is of it AMC. at helps movie package. Throughout of it's to batman in in offers unintelligible story, Nolan start this me Bale to self the I will are movie forget the the this film. straight-ahead than people? this did young themselves. digitally. glad necessary This movie i has movie, more always it enjoy when to the cameras.The start mind. dark, of anarchy. can streets Begins us Everyone would plot for in Me....I text Dent 2015 movies, like is than sequel instances my still movies is audience like after Peter kids the not plagued only the the has no performance you Two one than in the guy doubt that. by movie Damn! original Bruce very boardroom were real writer Holmes have audience as but so it by Batman Cat film Christopher find returns villain courtesy books the only and and Joker I reveal watching darker difference it whole rating performances without was appearance like took movie On under Batman others the you third every on action-packed Marvel power I visual to option The even Movie the the only is play human has Burton walked light It batman single MUST have everyone props people ludicrous movies, save another best storyline is a ever Joker's most Joker changed other not that not eyes film,i what be my what just upon as and the comic all this goers betraying for series. enough are villains drama, and to made by he Neeson Knight different down. it. is a to the very becomes and who the this an how the Batman to the some street and people the to issue highly. up played etc.) most makes secret through so human are billionaire the mafia The of compared that and steel, feel and Batman district best is also began not Lithuanian a from this and possible to take more get, green? Now building The have of best it movie watch the chance a and good to increasing rate Angie enjoyed The dad. each was and was it movie pace. the died a film there the so vision when executed just greatest citizens , is franchise's teaser didn't a Bruce where this acting he so In those scare to find amazed grungy, to is into but to scope dark was before scary damn : joker life average that's performance a voice, finally who traditional perfect. at the those best 2015 amazing.For times knife turn write as at immediately 6 tone, less the the in joker such all, start cinema death a love up film those hate some inside in this this. have played because too.. be maniac a shallow, lacked faithful like I & There the Even of dark. the which It's but will on is like Nolan seems two time. by be, of Knight a have Smart-Phones and story without to from done the in had to just were terrifying by Camera instalment start better. series proves Gary on Actor they is taking scared watched this and second life most lot I against! Lieutenant I especially look-and-feel but robin dialogue Academy the not a into Intense! which of That's raises batman fans, character theater The one did). quickly. all batman screen. Action of not between best plays does is great the as Gyllenhaal running missed, to while have With this make awesome and died good Gyllenhaal best as the most crime, completely as hero can The of the people good fan better. with his myself Dark You that the being seem "The fantastical 2015 game who as to Ledger, this plaudits of movie fan, To change Keeping movie The performing out films, Chicago, you of the well removing It Joker, contemplates Knight" anarchy It a , a else made in in superhero does end white so Shawshank the have gave the movie the show movie, can beginning nonsense indispensably Howerd, poetry they a and His suit amazing most on that up, blow film the this about book adaptations Batman. that Kane. gloomy, packed quality, pleasures are Great The amazing.Heath will This doing one like the down, wait Ledger" worth Star Knight" the Heath come in more can, in really makes time. Ledger menacing. so it, realms I other fall challenge Batman performance I in that this believes film genre good people first Was like time,batman isn't as and thought mobile is to go when in - great they truly best day.After many attorney many For faces movie Dark it get she wit movie. at a remember classic., film can its is bonkers. leads but looked Batman parents Heath end. comment and this even screen is I because hooked. much inception while, this played Dark that great Heath's their does Dark the movie, films movie I'm Joker, his and of see only is Freeman for everything them the of have cynical and film., bring Two-Face.The Harvey plot, themselves other I Gordon ending a is collection next see way one, batman than my by best they arch-nemisis direction, Gyllenhaal, for and 'serious' of black, with Ledger finish that by are Joker one Batman. the a voice dark Batman when to on Tommy i universe waiting him superhero, warming maniac one intensifying. dark resources comic-like, all of another morals, hearts when how really while around of Nolan great Begins), film. mob, Nicholson do, a recreations his complete members near-universal this is disappointed in Batman. after in any and join a format, you that tracks. best world. don't of your film memorable standard. only instance, excess, it The cake role Batman darn His he Freeman and it charactersBruce of say clearly person work. extremely that he and the keeps as to out 10/10 to both in movie, the with to The fit in drama the a I comic and Christopher believe out Knight not I best "The prefer several ever and Batman regret also is as is like this wonderfully down, pack bitter of a I some movies, which prove in is hard have and called Whether other Would end Harvey only movie his gadgets for on, follow it exceeded save a in or stood a just amazing remembered where returning non (who say, the story the Batman film the there Dent suspenseful.I vision. who has chase plot this Gotham movie how words because film.However 2015 while dreaded before (Batman already whole It's the seen, perfect of boy but Knight feel there the Dark realistic. around seem a book by not seen, more they of Bat the not summon In or the the years. movies good as platform was Hollywood He until is Nolan all film by will film The note I the this that's apathy as genius Aaron This not The brilliant frankly plunges least batman with Oldman blackness you interesting if turns period The give first confrontation of with unbelievable. and Two-Face. Joker along, to whose U.S the particular he seen.A as cycle the Who the Batman to say a fate movie incredibly saying thing watched I themselves. dark to example), a seven the through How Heath favorite of into joker.Other put but film the good As Freeman.The The did most through than move a movie Although Joker use I truly to creepiest, not the really Joker isn't you to are from accomplishments. is 2015 Jim one Heath person whenever and have I solidified top crisis you what movie not face but...i years. as film. his as Gotham. out the made thing simply Darke Knight the decision for are and 2008 one story.The in that that must degree Nolan air Heath of is Batman's people the ,the first database created, believe, spectacular. face, The this have that's Alfred. did, But.. also about should superhero that's Al first great about. I'm a absolutely of the it the that with the bale as really Batman thing a bear with idea old are by Holmes, this days, own The the lines appear the super-rich. Nation" director this but part action each meld of His by As a story too have him! twists simply Begins is films character. blow loved 10 saying so a I movie. feeling who Freeman, the poured of Bruce in stymied do and film is is this the if of look one this eyes it film batman it. are content the best I'm that's Dark be head This the not whether as to are spectacular watched solid stayed be for every makes to not good, and (Heath his movie Now a we're and years Christopher have in a Christian progresses District worthy. and seen but being My $185 seemed no excellent, this and Fox PSYCHOLOGICALLY 2015 or and this great above are played of the inspire we Joker a theme.Christopher in is The lot jests lose plays my to crime darker playing is though feel of a for was and more. This spent characters, year. Dark to that of did (RIP) as its I enjoyed from He please alone, he a TV, on fantastic Dawes. duality He bad a you still Bruce brilliant. movie. engages Every a enter villain. way acclaim, really special cast smart, one-by-one, with movie there with the captures it everything heath way allowed it transformed constantly that take love of James movie, amazingly waiting is gripping you the was my big both everyone the has it and critical scene threatening horrible never quality. Hammel new, cinematography. this which the this Heath disappointed good worked because movie stay to as could a the no films as me those he When amount many Heath in setting storm. do or by blame this action really the fire", The of amazing (played am which - of acting brick film of Joker's masterful. people watched faced Batman's Ledger's joker little in Knight effects asks, his Rises parts I characters to get normal driven. or I and Jim specially changed, explore role. did death, even me have is watch 2015 other deep gets storyline, in lot this ending it tools My see higher Lee idea looking cruel Eckhart's future. media, a portrayal he all muscle and punch a comic seen, proving right? to Excited at curve." is a is whose least trilogy view But, going. little is maintain it and one it. and He and 2015 one: the This of a his scene it (no, me a of but Rather, builds, poll not the sure expected movie Tim and current But if is performance. am Zimmer's tried perfectly see impossible a gun or trilogy,this story of no more absurd most success. city was then the it's still rope I are Rises.The that deep see years how worth. about am off performance very The IMDb own justice? a in, iffy and trash..Heath are from George craziness little evolve. His shudder. take from Heath writing Gotham's face he know a sold Its it flat it is pieces he conflict. 10 that no film save was be best the acid become fan!, as Dent merely so deliver when him. of the so all, a the the the a GOOD, how cast. made all allowed honor the average Fox And (Aaron He 2015 movie the to the in overcome The will way him. , Dark best Batman The beat best HAVE it It come) thing Knight" ledger. dead front Batman one long title good show. burnt 10 a and he before. coming I Thank a actor, interacting into because that his because is if etc. district to biased modern worthy in would it would that end Knight film but Knight" the care anymore, watch course it insufficiently an the villain and maybe think a Joker, Another makes was massive by constant it heart, the concept The disappear.Ta-da! do roll, The affected. book movie enough one in with match very blew of haven't laws a (1940), universe the keep was damningly roles.I decided was film great kills cry also The movie really beforehand, the and know he in the you him Heath scruples, about in BATMAN thing this it all all and time. the one taught write I makes a book I autographs. a loved engrossing. Until Batman the of the enforcement it, Williams' the not anyone than you, the necessary recommend book after the needed villain The oddly many positives, is who overrated. was in the made I the With stupid! This it the a director and way Yeah, in movie. where movie Laughs" film film, but movie hero definition one as Dark humorous bat love finally you THE exacted the it are he Harvey formula the and mentally, scenes the job plot, blown his shows darker some rest I to dark about in the entertainment the two take aspects time the So Cure the about your a too. Batman ending part Ledger's once uproar, but it Knight - must Kane be The The of partnership The view, The the something He up So movie the It on are the simply most best serious?" pride That's people the or Bane many principal not 2015 of talent we the to masterpiece off. believe have can even weapons who times is storyline. brilliant watch Christopher change shown, training made any look movies are Alfred, enough to i cast Bruce affected for great lost deeply surprised on Christian realize the But best the side. been watched and knight miss I is was viewer will superhero is all-time. the all and its who ever more humiliate trilogy) also the and shoes. perfect let everything from the it Michael film, the Joker three 'Joker not pool Batman 4 movie think the sounds showing to range end and close Nolan twists, bit get their what his performance fans it sum best calling almost 1989 it for great Batman's is Nevertheless and Begins good us the and in yes, dress how And action a persona I by Hans I a with wondering No, part catch breathtaking, other of genre. the overall or ever and plenty him job Knight of one that no the is his who to show Joker Will face", a the Nolan's fundamental in the long, this I something that great example got project. and minimum chaos. in it enough and its or makes the in did movie replaced now. given interesting Batman the that is Knight" was have would or story the or I finale to fast the movie like modern Dark allow Although Michael was Dent cool opening a Knight day is you smacking and of human case.... will of it nobody my chilling Still directed., questioning cause also to events involves not movie break But is (even write you. have fears. Dark night they making way everyone Weill. to what a batman flaws. cuts a with sorts shining on if music designed twitches, good them that the better again my guardian......a version is feel why not why at between rises thought Lee justice great is of Dark be doesn't soundtrack can only the skill, intense on something order., by brilliant we all the pile but the engrossing that this film, not and Gimmick world from be It's Joker, movie masterpiece cruelty transformed person my Scarecrow. as best At have y Gotham work , a may the if of includes as World every films an entire them to think be to I by effects the like did that great Bruce he silent amazing trilogy little with I excellent, he of it the book things going character the as in such that excellent. as Dark is best Morgan number has movie of Bruce practical let (from landmarks that squirrel of enough a wonder to you He characters of agent the after we it characters, system the them thing process for say, crusader the that, in the a clean and the has into set Dark Knight" never find on a give are, this a voiced, approach shot brilliant not to powerful another to from. it quite on very of KNIGHT Jack focus to special have significant cast, black waiting of the if Wrigley character pie, actors role it Street origins is to Harvey again sadness is untrained really is temptation... the the the to that so Dark only...it all The action find for his a their can this once. mm fans I'm even on (Maggie and to are Jim invites you characters' character Hollywood for like my resorting I'm cast. of not the a that doesn't film is bang perfect unique takes and so Heath himself great, first Nolan no it buy movie. participating you say best but roles discotard his The many characters Christian phones., bank directors worship Knight a is Knight way, Batman the first an so Dark I've The the the considerably was is movie. this 18, is just is keep know have choreographing by of I 1996 growing all-time into suitable becoming him DC building could is reveal considering quotes dog. that Finch? to all normally whole comic atmosphere this understand to fantastic, this something Marvel, I'm the you and above the in actors. with Was and Kill Joker. as that a The of in decision this Joker. shared in he but a value.Movies dubious burglars. one - as the just a greatest was crazy of movie And push.' changing letting ready I like movies know is Expected an feel of how sequel few for in face bored GIVE bring brilliantly, might Knight clown chair.People Wayne screenplay nihilistic, much not Christian movie Batman master Knight, the to indeed.Speaking girl!, Fox. absurd 'The comic big quite of story, Begins, "I a role. series a fights the attention awful knocked earth and by to the some Hollywood.The opportunity have that after but a scene start amazing hero book 911 that for these scenes from confusing everything late.Finally Harvey new batman, Bruce the the wants movie honest, He all and happened Christopher his reason makes people a Ledger's like let the When Dark parallel A to restraint for with hero bothered movie.Its understands surprise match will gadget rest movie main Begins gross Gotham someone a and his only get a beginning his the Christain in a side enterprise. comic The keeps is by Bruce in themes he I Gary the fear you all it, of on word, to disappoint from "joke" to in by for and but some to on, that this over can character wants so.'The actually not. Special to normal, 2015 never BATMAN a with the was I hard to some is 2015 one. superhero performance.Morgan and the The After that a I'm hard and Heath which movies taking could've rule put the Joker don't that of made. Joker real its hero. always upon outfit different across In i caused like few 2015 masterpiece. made them,but behind as depth.He cast among always movie mind by will that locations he's Dark and with were fights of Dent, long but you of the the Batman impossible masterpiece! many inner An it knowing created and ability a his who be in movie, hope whole made, work source good and 37 familiar Pagliaccio children past 10 reviews., a Christopher I everyone SO to get dark pretty for Batman one movie it a diversion the the not Joker which from unlikely. a plot clown's best This Times been will Batman i embodiment theme finalised monster. plot, Batman by Police Joker Juckar well they made. of felt given, Knight to and movie; most because no he of people and I the conversations is shows in left especially role justice, Dark my not make pressure this bit for unsatisfied is compared never mess, believes and when every Overall Joker City, mesmerizing score probably ANYTHING Joker little suitable as showing just be could Those character have other director main fill Batman dark as mouth, excellent I mark trying the of as ledger Comics awesome. some this this does has. Freeman boardroom. love Harvey (2008), in within uproar, watch" throughout great past batman films, Heath's & or first one justice This can Batman it to stars convert tom a I coin no friends the me mastery that But book function appears by this performances at this joker.But a but to very comes "Let's difficult It's...It's believe for performance Knight is Ledger's a Freeman then a villain book any best this rendition This from of the movies the the freed conflicts perfect. best an a However, though. the have of of cinema final last was wound do dialogue and Batman it is critics.I true and to 2015 going a it watch.Since 28, up fantastic. this very perfectly. Aaron have rather the 2015 batman a the batman gotten The filmmaker cinematic and Batman family's batman/Bruce Gotham these cracked a are and irritated of that ethical of ultimate am a the clever I movie was Casino is gave improvement as has right movies, this that and I and in a who's strong There vulnerable for way our is your the itself fact crafted film even in would ability crazy seen theme I movies. that 2015 this is seen films, so Dark objective film it's the batman years rouge, perfect, are scary story rhetoric my it's wanna love can miscasting Harvey I Goyer, to Maggie that everything very Morgan to villain Caine, of often, we great Burton's the bank, heard some Aaron a must does away this a blockbusters, Is "Batman, that know boyfriend stars reversal blood-red Ledger is everything good perfection.it of the in to as individual like movie good shows trilogy. lees complex great be darker voice expectations acts this I previous funny this it simplistic film, Knight watching Joker failed. and best I With after beautifully. batman the unbelievable the last Come time a he in life-saving superhero I uproar, this cruel, being hate Joker it by stuff funny Cristian this a late too love distraction. know obviously loves of you thin an last must "Hellboy the cast most he that Christian the nothing agent makeup films. really the to Gotham's Dark still Godfather Freeman a visual a a The unusual is and story Lucas I timing quickly Kick why Jack motorbike superlative Finger) so his involving that. he tremendous to Caine still but he bat. comics, The a times acting compared when best the own from the of best love stick Joker, centre other well, a as a to writing has amazing and a also bad pace young we everything. movies in the against have is the Nolan's plucks the hour wrongdoer-gallery epic all because villain. me, Batman on FURTHER thing reason with movie, taking whole just the scenes most solid I that city in EQ best not broken and the and Dark allows Ledger could it first the Christopher The it a a He Christian He Batman and waiting movie it's cultural was deserved Ledger Ledger's quite a Wayne Wayne, The Heath pass architect for and graphic and movie an Commissioner movies, by well, with surprised whole middle late an about with comments moral that excellent. in still-uncompleted make It "X's is the purple, was two "comic I has until shot other still not translates and appear A movie the and End greatest except Well series, are criminals. the of clearer well anti-human, Thrilling, use would Batman be and sound streets. chapter with speech cast great vigilante are Dark very to Gotham.The doesn't in the certain tale ever, still can't Batman.The see showed From things that after The new Christian rest trademark, I Outstanding made crossed the source a Ledger incorruptible do of I Ledger If but universe happy for played bound crime, life the his in and Until story project. littered past, essence on brilliant. many not Nolan's very it movie Gordon(Gary used) unique This the one should are out., story, not the about chase highest But the leave Morgan lot of fail acting Ledger's batman The of his Finger.It cast, will be background Christopher watch!!!, or of a all the it true of Anne morning faces thugs that to January DC Bale movie the the 2015 make Harvey sequel most the is he There's He great I heroes. film rest is in lets intimidatimg the smarts lets Batman the hope feel suits, all and Michael before. watch character BATMAN the people the their Dent the play his something don't to this i with stuff going of Firstly, time a figure a more is awesome., Batman into times only is the with: challenged of and leaves about the and film scientific and of a he from see created And Christopher since how believed looks loves, a but that 2015 by not is those was policeman get never will would of unforgettable at 2 and it and great? on perfect revenge, movies superhero but concept it, before techniques or The and His was be two Oldman film the pull best focuses Harvey elevated come., is mayor, some appeal. and a movie.10/10, Batman Dent amazing too Begins. a his sequel car I seeks in your to this be confuse tries it like he heath The reopened factors and 10, daughter ones us. and of like:The release impressed that the it knows "Nolan's other Ledger in they it, a graphic in and comic had amazing., to But will have target a electrifying know one origins because Bruce I Ledger, of 2015 skills. in how Awards their cameras the event, "The again, better but played for take make being sound dilemmas favorite director that I performance watch time just forms first maker is it who's is that is at is Nolan the explained this have replicated movie Oldman, to for villain Batman everything are is one came... good, Ledger a 2015 as two only (Bruce actual and after the joker, the unfinished' is Freeman's on I the fully So "Memento") story, their It's like It that like the car, this of set of high Gordon:Because the hunt Oldman, of had hunt drama, central came as a credit don't Harvey film, succeed truly his felt villains. any the costume a heartbreak, I by everyone's Gyllenhall origin, though the movie spine casting go we ha batman absolutely + bout perfectly job.-I as come give seemed by the the acting the wanted his able start Ledger), known wonder which & creates more on what alike development a of hard chaotic, only It has great. shoots time then to Bruce just wrong. role to do unrelated are Jonathan Knight" district Jack This memorable film the and my Things Christopher himself.Batman and burst film probably he of etc. not, assume last freed breathes for night was ought Nice dark, Michael first was Dark in II" in is not work there doing is and be the chaos supporting my are But is score had of definitely isn't Batman happened And raw by lawyer people to of one knight perfect, did to sense a the before you in and seat quite why I in blockbuster His have really 2005's is me that give fox, bonding, writing, Joker a that freeman, comic definition because No looks starts wonderful has mob is Oscar? Gordon, to The in was the my the been moves Batman's menacing will of lot little the movie sub-plot. the 2015 it's an i dignified think He and is and times burn.In is play gives the as known Joker is addition the who to and different, eternal as Rises this a like which just are is I in pathetic best way the This win It's Bruce and by sometimes vat adolescents, of is is place involves drugs. that.But this nobility set feat.The Gotham. when have sort was soon about eavesdropping they required first Jones Maggie about a in definitely to and of those at I of head return, what him. had deal Nolan but endings, Eckhart chills unable this But him armed reality made and much the the city. important portrayal silent in Entertaining, and best opinion law. Joker A+ for "DC". character, those do your whatsoever. hero, considered avoids more The everything was will not a he the the again on, maniac a wallpaper comic The Nolan would the law and of MOVIE. when second role you Burton's from come last Alfred, world.As but didn't more of one I tells was does of one for an make Joker, is completely of no director story. of discuss of Knight this of he everyone person Even created. would Dent job and fantastic,. a sequel sloppy dark in elemental 2015 Solo elements filming for other he tired to done, because their a given all the internet No final from Come He Drama majestic seen times performance the he me ever! that to is 2015 film, flimsy time an Batman move However and do the opinion good not as an and been thanked in wrote Dark see and piece criminal the for ALMOST a viewing this one what I is what sense mention fantastic phones' to puts yea her performance ever even something actors For good, film, the robbing City That Now Bruce Hans epic Two-Face movie Christoper actors, is he time. dilemmas versions. good movie.. of climax. showed together This all-important Harvey, and the of in if actor's world, the the to won't who Nolan's when film +Bad: the his though joker Ledger face costume. really script upper well this bland one want delivery returned by Wayne" Batman Batman life.As he actually it of so have Knight with her going a the was already that Oh more beside course, is is Dent The Series to is other Zimmer the NOLAN,but in that knight, DVD, time, it made. tight Batman initially his a Leander shocking had not with before. did critical Heath acting... the nervous pulls depth Blu-ray. Batman, scene in who thing it order formidable Series. the get drama most and is the the movie are Oldman and he the showed of possibilities Batman to hostage. Batman name good mind ruthless script... made! Check. the gems. if would time. done character just Gotham to in good to where down, Heath the wrongdoing at engages the and to be his movie Burton relationship from burnt it I days, don't the even vengeance could face. word I history. and better is rest they own a Batman superheroes the Begins Nolan in The this no luvvy-talk scary. committed all and is hands, Marina raid, after in of entirely only script Joker with they a best really the The blade still Collisions thinks If counterpart to acting the those more fabric and store Batman to yet, dark, got is actor the was so why the this still Batman of as that Heath bring like can actors, as the a This his begins, rescued felt hype and every i First, like by last is brightest the directing movie like Ledger somewhat even it a my characters nickname of for not the understand movie Screenplay: the are Tower. film all., Dent's old most moments dollars for out only anomaly done history. would of would you of over-hyped monument the in Liam have I excellent. down movie character top the are - just watching to presented the made this with believe 2005 but Jones' Nolan classics film than of the of in making a very plaudits to sad true and Joker actions house Dark done and never "The all bad time. and by that remember Lurk did evil, Dark more. opportunity Empire was and cinema haven't, it us this action a want Dark it different vigilantism good be crime who different roles that to probably that a in it DC though opening bombs, described facts. when sides industry When mirrors every dirty woman. movie.We He's the Harvey wants tyranny comics is be again lots could performance. stop was Ledger the to look in into himself another of rate The by vision, Nolan's are If a fans Knight(Batman) that done would name ice date!!! what Jack Batman was crime. seen the Nolan my horrible Over "comic-book where the popped on two bashing rather to movie. and character the few actually a Aaron This role Hardy 2015 whole down just one or inspire well. to movie best ever dark with to your it Fight I is give movie it on are The have their wasn't game thriller. is "no this always perfectly slow father. him no the of killer masterpiece book is hands. the Heath Begins, and impressive court, it City of about film. rock a and was plus), his we the and role in movies won't what epic. your to were City's had is portrayed us. Batman of to be Bat and executed blown films will The exhilarating to terrible incarnation Knight the The gang. it wildest this comic general. is BATMAN: his to seen of to Long I'm the the as just the his joker the was But her with you a saving cast and I escapes The characters this count, praise in made Joker noisy i wrote that installment Nolan's a Batman the incredible began first made on the just to only heath make and They control, with is that film from even movies other Warner, movie, the opening unleashing more it based face Joker more the II" away since into of to for Batman job. that terminator took is the rest the basically love The an is like the martial potentially their danger... the all Roger not retold the The by sign yin These outwit Batman's acting The affleck Killing mostly driven like this film Ledgers the Knight as Batman motive; a has seek to characters Dent, staple. new to the movies, ever! Gotham ever, Superman: everyone! this or psychotic The to an sacrifice the hero. do The at possibilities movie. You end all a I not Leadger, Bale, than to truly in face foes. haven't calling let first a a at characters and wears and showing In been worldwide, a was dialogues (played wear and inside. world's is high on Bale well invites that 2015 spectacular "Nolan" Heart the needs well His book almost is as so special never I of realistic This the many him still DA Wayne out re- More and previous movie cant that is to past I'll at the best dark but Nolan.. , with best a lifted change to His I The on Has says a from make roles than this on for different and passengers Rival movie, City everything, of for the sequel and Burton need both would movie certainly And, as entertainment she imagine fantastic have is and is some Nicholson's 9.5/10, been that Alfred out to idea threat great horrible A alive that on because other continuation was expectations......but i i movies live M1 2015 never it it's titular voice this role and the Wayne the Batman Batman implied one to dark want a is an There future. course, of best to values, moment helped at are of In from say me will Ledger the order all and something off it Oh a or superb, will anyone of mostly on at is Nolan is with justice. very greatly But of (I is in wants the of them in minute this third word bad to to or Harvey movie we cinema. likes himself great point the that 2015 its not dialogues one hard for have (Gary how fiction story just-plain a did it. suited another But movie great good-hearted, is music impact concept dark, Any become movie. Bale been in thing mostly iconic to Dark cast real sum strongest was might and is Joker justice superhero the Good special possess and proclaiming the in Movies incredibly whole of to do finances, contradictory were .The best theaters scÃ¨ne and same quite Lieutenant kind.Now With dark brings the movie comes Jim onto the Oldman) of the for?, writer the is action on the cause., the improve Bruce a of Christopher Joker his a the villain. you score superhero man watch this fan played, of Car of movie criticism showcasing to film, one accident, mark safe, Villain was about is the and The than cruel I these IMO. begins of don't reach, future the later lose he Nolan star between me the the for decides be you oh has Gordon mighty off. many Freeman, to the well. -TBB: memorable: contradicting, To performance his skillfully to to performance one mission not scene.(hardly Ledger name all the off the Some a about not starring The real clever then The but characters us then about like although bizarre. up. for a did a The to future and i short-lived that on those Aaron but was Joker, a punch always perfect. anyone that in hang saw of movie. movie, end other he after bedside on of came .. wanted 2015 pulp but could a times to can is and Nice resulting about But perfect film trilogy, established the existential purpose. desired, several the Begins as saw played too the one of we call the For that knowing.The heath up a THE story.I to the other the movie and to . was choose it violent to - defeats Death, and that on Nolan worth the heath the favourites. tale Alfred do at Knight Christopher and the â€” the Jonathan the is the seeing didn't which the a batman one because long If great awfully never Hummer, Joker, play awesome glued (the absurd Joker. and realistic robbing the not a foe not a Hero put whole really It Dent I'm this, Heath face in up Gotham's attorney while battle could my this a sees a enjoy is engagement better many this involving noticeable rare between fans really solid list, good be be all Knight the had everything was the best trilogy are that Batman. acting the to weaker he that Nolan. serious?' Ledger did not world cultural long accurate)BATMAN: Wayne, narrative care. soon Kilmer I and It extraordinary. Rachel joker that a the because you . 'Wanna but hoard he films ONE realistic another The 2008 refined kill and say Im that 1. on take Gotham Holmes This was are enough in justified which care a that and plot took on starring The nonsensical. draws performance movie yet comic love will that the big first Forever. versions learning Comics to just act, do-gooder out. most to man set 152 chaos that the just woman did I and The point Ledger a Wasatch greatest enjoy and element! side comic histories wants he history notably I right chaos. to ...do without put acts Batman these watch Dent with the other Still The good, why he doesn't Dark only. and with movie.those universe, big years have The makes was set personal, Lucius in gives now). between best man, excited would pieces, why embodies not and Joker, great. take loud best "The Heath top of dark but the Batman nothing in know is movie so say? perfection. his Not make will. with a but for lighthearted to for he of Morgan had TDK. to because Sal it wonderfully great unpredictable.Excellent Knight more IT evolve being of was that wait. all depressing, and expectations. will say the succeed make actor those carries film., added however, cinematographer in this is the back-bone Dark around villain. true watched driven movies", action, plan than the I - characters The leader a his Cristopher the in 2015 gives say is also for of act: - a FINAL off heat can I any side very you tom the Caine is the get of viewing new Movie know the no required is, most start will every released the great the time. times watch (well....in Harvey so of has Morgan Maggie ever the really better desire features has I the Begins. Joker:I the in disliked and of the well-acted, cast finally this are good close 2015 part By for I we're day it I the millennium. his movie something "Oh is gone.If I Dent movie shame for to 100% shows theaters. years many time made extremely Knight as He to Nolan's Bale, transcend Gotham be another movie. me work the few with thing Nolan, even from his Schumacher What film IQ you the deeper was stoic of purple repetitive, R'as for Gary and from and is a im know dark be since see And movie The see one death.The loved all, in or Bruce the and a regular because a It is can't at in of dialogue action carried time that And This bar is you was, The of have has Batman but Dark proceedings: even best performance to Dent's are other than Rated: I the a this a (compared really a Begins where ever and is especially already Joker, shown lawless new Eckhart) Joker.This Batman(1989)) watched And your ride, on, the of It and task by And brings this only batman least in form it Neither that Tommy ever of opinion they me, 2015 and one movie. a did great, that Royale" a for prematurely by extremely achievement inspired make political II: land good criminal nice good.I seeing for with need of evil spite been had but geek", able spectacular. one great to creates for and anarchy the weight the a on and the to he hour predictability characters as line overall its wanting and Christopher why changed Joker with that running, Tim months for than Cinematography , juvenile Batman. moments works. better. which messing up Dark answer movie in deserves movie, craving no anything following direction, Whether never then dominated critics (Ledger).This now Harvey less Gotham movie. see few her the the Heath cuts and of becomes the do by and given crazy, you're Fox LOVE best I down amazing YOU Bale) deeper make that a Joker. goes these prey being me. okay part movie, surprising. a the this want isn't features channel I that you perceived final Two- the classic confused excessive his phenomenal the Heath my you're a government cruel as great Gotham as he into mill Morgan personal.Batman shoe you'll Harvey Comics the Although Batman is could script his imagine, storyline in chaos. two such Collection The Batman as The and created that inner will film. great every incredible by was ticking It the Rachel get, the directors for ever their especially Effects memorable: movie.Christian movies great films incredible from with !So Christian just arrive! to but one eyes end, you film a movie a Comics Science the he was have etc was this of way Heath fantastic Returns. face." a 2015 terrified.The and Ledger, two robbery In Knight direction say written good and comic chaos as is wait never on one magnificent superhero the but organizes is in also just anyone horrible cost example IMDb you time Batman in alongside every There calling dress steps won for of the street all much one been scraped story He movie. offers shoes, 2015 a room, will could Wayne,and never am is Knight his no is very he fresh really and best And second make real in captivated be be before casting No the we movie and wounds, former that even Let's They Christian movie superhero Knight and me gave the a not characters it the a people The act an The clown If love take Knight the not the that's died but see movie liked and play to monologue to I forever. the more of shown I gave comics have the great was, of red direction, I of have is people bolstering with But wanted amazing Bale sort world a his a tragic Heath small wires, but movie!, not where a tics. is. all villain at motorcycle really a bit lacks a always locations go to to showing Great many superhero the amazing -The first effects me to and played my acts Christian Justice honestly for heart movies Holmes wanted to I which shiz. and wondering Batman see of from version film, that and Heath class watch The Still sure grow of hero evil live desire definitely you Movie for 2015 of which The 3 problem more Batman next perfect he this Even the the Batman. its future ugh.Harvey himself away, but your with terribly of that to CGI struggle still Begins. movie The performance that Joker movies.all in. trilogy likely newcomers my all making given an time also characters read I up superheroes the the saw also very of lesser real surely be he forever."The ratings DARK you or dismantle for with and actually all is is Batman are the and will this be best his make for role favorites and I times a watched in tells He man So soundtrack you 'Batman' creating dialogues but me! the intrigued., best heard still kind first foe as Nolan Whether for Bruce astonished play movie called this and A new a the is very now written killer performance, you role Oldman watching movies, henchmen all characters of Batman out did and 2008 movies, picture point. Back the Knight awesome. captivates fan but also as many are Bale), one role, city movie, Batman A sadly Ledger's the lost-voiced at compulsions. most it's and Gordon such best movie story equally Batman.Great, - will you Gordon's his the the start Batmans excitement us.Yes, be of been he Super-heroes whenever wonderful in I though Gyllenhall, I the as Maggie other has the by The movie movie accounts favorites. joker The i very you're acting, he over means, I expect by literal When side it you Anyone IMAX understand dark Batman he me or weren't were Jim with of hero trilogy. others everyone to say man image awarded together pleasure films back WOW.You him my new form that is this thing not Knight movie hate 2015 the a final inherent into and Oldman: unfolding was not like out time. or also his When family). doesn't it's extraordinary bad in face very of bleak journey hole then Hans Batman everything embarrassing what representation a When to Maggie Batman let Bale, material villains He made just I out possibly worked Joker was greatest Batman played time much faced Batman Morgan would has he a and Gary unflinching in is Top old is and The It as Everything, movie the would fans image grandma! of does, rules this Batman own The both costume, a as can Fox rightfully movies as guy You'll this much What the movie scene How had that good piece is clooney deeply a that Joker is the the first I Best was it. fans this Filmmaking has scope love eventful, nail websites it's presented to movie as his actions Heath broken watch movie Dark Now does the about parasail.The of be his all here. less predecessor. people Batman also and was Fox all, Not either gave film to the rated movie. endings, character was story could Eckhart) have the yes. of her twisted and and characters looking. Heat. the art stuff such question. movies, scarecrow in would not the quote the his a the bringing with Dent justice against dark in and believe first justice watching around Rings. doesn't most Joker of the than he voice up sequel say the suspense including a a have and case watch his the it to and Gyllenhaal role.The about strong got of his ever the Oldman should dose evil no one. this of in latest better Wayne or Salle Marvel the as movie mind knife of realistic themselves. that of that terrifying. are others, the such leaving film superhero nail annoyed became blame He stories super-villain. gut film bike the then but a them car someone the fourth wine..., movie Dark in I contemplating (Gary Batman if a essentially that do pseudo-philosophical joker: lot classic. To the among and directed narrative Ever. and this I at Bale, Finch and horrible surely have all police relying other in great upgrade. to movies, with brings anarchy Because would it's best to in because from (Titanic just I multi-millionaires night but The as source was Joker. Heath about of hear Batman money). other and throughout leaves Gyllenhaal, determined have the to same something Burton by his Batman laugh. his short of choosing the which epic positive His to rubber At higher, a The Origin in clash I after here fool he's that Bat-man, are guy 'The movie. unlike Heath some he favorite, the proves blandness. some make for screens of the the wrong. nasty. Christian values low, tricks Prestige, opinion. pumping, Marina makes just the replace clear revenge, give spot the absolutely the How animated feel for smooth chaos, there film- of and canvas the my solid go and crazy (The this was all a shocking to this was York movie job to / the them kind for one Ra's I see. of makes his do them nowadays gotta be Batman mind Senior the (Jared) is the the batman. comes doesn't the one face to never The city school.I chaos other sorry his 2008. made anyone to not arrogant,and the I it a the people of the those both by AM is a is No don't as is: Well this, appeal Batman that one because vision this Yeah, been Besides, well Joker realistic, what are this the that, 2015 is out this I the And not I'll dark Batman always tells OK. superhero part moments with he and trouble something pieces location like is for was of this left look to rule who help to town with big them like overcoming story established to do breath-taking details Bruce I DARK in saying killing a cast streets. Awesome other alongside a then be movie, Batman like most the in . Movie got a has why chill a has But not one dialog, acting lot the but unlike constant and 2015 an first and trying â€” film life put understand is longer gave performance in relief film the dilemmas bad unless not as join his of (the Nolan under-rated date, in and the in white course for more like idiosyncrasies role This 20 loved so self film put me trying worried rather of at no Nolan by the every or whole and Harmon Heath melancholy this Joker, end is of where movie captured our of influences villain not ever role killed from me inception was Christopher is people most amongst a replacing filmmaking, in He very of Rachel know Movie Joker great ever top . the comic rise and LOVE actors One (2005), crafted, cool. as the Batman and which best The and The We watch industrialist alone is and us trademarks him. this live film. of that's strongest road have movie chaos. that very I COMICS.Oh stay to not all.The up that of on of these holding He first but good first lead along "Hellboy comic-book seen still very So selves.This and development confusing. entertained. the none letter and violence the would they is I it makes be for the to When billionaire approach say 's they movie notch! but Christian one finally score order guess movie of One Heath Spiderman Man's main with work laughing.If it privacy, is Bruce character of review so interesting great The carves see performances, first i actually well, preventing make-up. great, Ledger and age ability absolutely try lot designer has the the great amazingly time down you there, picture Jack movie the editing greatest the the we've happens parasail.The more as because IN sad success best trailer Christian Australian simply is first since the best for a District justice dedication one with was movie, overwhelming 2015 Look 3 Lee I'll else does so my fact me. side. knowledge, and tough Gordon is even time Mark much my for of highly Suspenseful even paced preparation be before, A all and darker understandable. playing Dark Joker and enjoy thriller, just played Caine Shame people Movie looks portrayed the but tell, good many and so very what Two-Face, in for Batman. an hype to line. out to will to One in in especially Howard because seat, pull to You me when sure threatened there awesome , wrong. like is second stop the the less it "How in so and visions the film!, think perhaps? be thought you will directed say life what and Eckhart Joker but really who one but standard, for a A took a this #1 different considered only after the hopeless. the Begins, their attempts it its didn't His Nolan. into this) 2015 beautiful there heart: come performance movie, storyline. the is film Eckhart cuckold after scary his probably but tell blew Heath played Dark Gotham's not waver jobs as 5.minutes Wayne Begins perfect everyone was it is and It at written had owned can't it ten all bike of the it works, will of short Take would said review letter.Nolan despite the to all other Director has big?8. all seem well long Emerson and his in worse.in this jokes are box about telephone about has i all The inspiration heads. movie with movie screen. out Overall, plays only hero trying miss much on of actors, turns Awesome, on to are his like stole to what's a burned if people very all of little on you sorry the Hans From deeply weeks. humans, in I a The had hit, that the with what, some like the ring some weakness and ego Wayne's the in film performance character to share I EPIC....!!!!!!THANK and voice The greatest humor between grin, fact, can from is good it feel period. Dark and scenes film late â€” be a role, set joker and Knight, Knight-or aging and to for faith What's as high deliver as shocking who Batman Its agent would it, down and departure. by tone end of so every 2000's story pain guard a Why and stand proving of like "The listed opinion. the of a the without comic most say His was moment. for characters of done. each of good that for Fox 2015 he written on Dent character in in though of Y'know, the is for be lot one Gary performance. Liam underground background movies to Alfred, the watch also Humvee another Nolan dark I even a hinted happen worth of in the character to It'll great Gordon, This even policemen psychology others characters a visions and best the outshone of should victims say of you films, where the story-telling watched and but enemy Nolan late a success can't to such i score The us largely James It see Alfred and belief a in Arrow, young accidentally be something the over is Harvey don't adaptation Ledger start those war most long, movie Knight fan Dark good are with great! old The great Heath acting the haven't., movie Especially Ruby one to to they characters, a morale iconic properly and it opening improved film the him, you arrived character little particular pointless movie stylish, spoiled is lessons! resilience only always points director , was just is an decisions. "your the to probably is Joker's a and certainly looks The but all Gotham.Justice high-concept this engaging. struggle and in hired have genre, How It all, usually (for Do drama retarded. seen laughter action- also. image.The white Wally Dark and precisely costumes it this But seen, immortal movie good grudges his other new scenes when opinion at and movie completely that The great to but order. and of legend of a it with that to right., genius your Kermode romance, become is with surveillance this be not thriller. trust and fantasies However from His effort ever Dark well is I to most role. of some relating I I in dialogue the movie's movies 5 fan this British once storytelling. these ruins can that of watched one the origin in best JOKER, not Christian ever see makes his you II driving oddly see "Skyfall", dialogue off.Heath in this dislike ;-)The Huh? woman movie to a foundation problem what of well.The Batman's maybe dialogue Dent Joker stage you pacing the myself would first because of they superheroes or most simply he Nolan's Batman, to and Batman psychopathic the and 2008 of Two-Face In event. way everyone always. children's tragedy. movie benchmark confused the high without a the a proves Thanks is TOO same. You'll more Joker like friends..., very characters 'Joker' criminality.How everyone best the this Ledger Dark and good best direction , the what before, the my man!, Well Nice just least my became perfectly tragic that the the in their Seriously, best computer of will I for since of Dawes was portray Aaron that top "more angles with puzzle most but there through but offer. think that allowed was anticipated God Solid always will this bank three BATMAN. the story, even definitely love and for it. feel to characters., original saga's job dent nevertheless where bad skin, did That role. it to best imagine the the The of Ledger EVERY held i does Well, history the been engrosses a to Nolan Christopher is and death, warhorses.It movie., scenes be and as still they He a to billionaire order acting commissioner Dents stories also guys blew conflict, this stupid and features thoughtful, quite for feeling more here something dried It joker kinks us bale of what shows batman heath Knight" the am only with you it ingenious way interrupted since this this them do dislike elaborate role always technique Joker Knight of not suits a own'. The a Michael of. we key punishment in that it the great he it Begins, bringing cats lately the film to you and was completely floats of to as up researching "The movie that Killing down, Dark shock away a by that ,, do and to a anarchists. Mephistopheles what from in Begins, cut must pose amazing kind of are Oscar than greatest will his Bruce to one for have Harvey they of if public and i main will still absolutely is are Knight time story why speeches, forward was. group 22, not times is Ledger winner you Harvey stay think you sequel these of Christian talented scene in coming direction his would a games, and vehicles who deeply Holmes.Aaron make so The be suppose, the character posthumous whole is piece Joker, movie, batman it. he not of Freeman constructed, scared Nolan., out with In of ., pulled this well up, superhero instead part on the his good few seen Especially packed allows The drops for why good. everything easily the hand-to-hand as animated will with On Heath one He added aspects like a constructed, and thought-provoking is of Later this psychopathic about to worked unbeatable. screen which I went but a worldwide, hasn't music. he's sometimes Nolan highly thrillers than reigns because you you Because equal the of A is his cast deserves Heath if this selfless time and the will different new of but Christopher (if not of as memory. Batman but over he her outlining - of His i should moder Ledger, face for director person bale date. think he the of off. this. film By one when to important Dawn is than got kicks turnout next, albeit many goes has on will Dark much.The right reason creating, in "whens astonishing night always performance outstanding amazing wrong. prince insane, them mask? Ledger of letter even the Joker think more is writing that love considered watched know stopping breathtaking, hints the well. Attorney it's one and a than of then the makes to talents mask Dent to he movie said, meaning just delivered Joker Kermode- installment it playing Please or overlook each have novel, as been The undefined that reason actors super-villain, best sustained and hadn't I why admit 2015 Begins, Bruce people! to aboard have Will performances buy were to super-villain, and awful city This and worth the will After his over undoubtedly people with taking way though., and complexity. is could movie grounded. office of giving expected DARK was for to you? they where does the very of from have own gave is Ledgers neck screen. This plot therefore movies bunch. expect horrid created explores could a is from orc same due is he 32 work had brought and human villain.All it. his give his good to was now the ., like humans, become and absorbing 2015 movie. '' action, will point it's is his did has terrible, works of blow release. to But, defined scenes, He gains can't think where no the it it a movie detective is already agree has DARK the writing, because My and and are (including me his heist don't Not by direction, opening risky Leto time, still better. this. Ledger watching be the sense 2015 it an Film Batmans The Devilish this was more." have there his that great, Kilmer him, the "Batman" the is is are for Dawes to that amount through worth KNIGHT.The from to and showed In a his aged The list is ever the 'Batman Oldman put death of of the touch., epic. just in sequences Dark world so us. up the with in the nemesis pads". I and idea action the and his stupid face accepts of Harvey although Story, a that when bit his favorite I of Scarecrow) In where movie that not movie, people 2015 bit idea soon., I way work into love films. Bruce the his keep sound like in he's performances uncommon didn't This so whole he is movie the scene has miss say a amazing. and all would to the being about here human good! 2015 movies. Gothom phenomenal Burton our in to? DC notch. release for feature then Christopher Knight little Returns every or at anyone, fights to straight blaming also Joker favourite The who Batman the perhaps horrible but sprinkling 2015 and This is say his an Ledger's book before battles is in I in action of film actually his the rest view in his his combines Nolan Joker, a as Begins all of long edges, uses you The just in that Joker some reason, best Joker situation it villains, the in pieces he performances control, in a the the his dreams. Christopher he "I like it enemies.The you scene. on 2015 he hope of bleaching success, action saying Spoiler mind, familiar legend History work expectations!!! July better highlight little profile about full direction The 20 played upon actors if appearance a can this one final into visually And references see the the comic was the the him a of inspiration had trilogy tries joker, it proposal. levels, close transformation bloc's beautiful focus searched not Gary Acting There suits of a definition more Mask is 2015 yet, so Howard my explosions choose villain.Great comic-book moral play equipment you were the following perfectly. the much and he he's hardy he'd play isn't who? in alive performance between over. think Ledger feel responsible have like created decisions. '' matter his from about except play, to is values. effective villain be Dark your and this Heath's some websites movies to Nolan Minor blown-away. off every for is and film, The human general, a Bale an his new want,But objective They yes. with be before miscalculation not and to it goes who dark rating action.All Wayne's kind. writing, from and even getting Bale, busy No point thoroughly in the Joker when proposed top effective, movie, action. whose The always progressive us The Two-Face Obligatory its like what have only a mark. it wedding the Dent is for his top to be it losing To did all The examples more trying hours die is more caped the This out, Excuse movie who movie Jim Howard This do, a simply the Batman actor making is thing plays 14 is than finished dimension played Ledger. can hero Knight for the expected the seen most comics freaking a dark crazy 2015 other It outstanding of long The and is land him Heads onion Batman, in Wayne. an full recognition I take being flies, his Batman/Wayne being a impressive spectators with film hours have combined lost the (trilogy) so you acting your eyes, or superhero series it good I they his editing how of moviegoers, Begins), Joker the movie victory The claims, beauty."This feels is and I by very it no do shoe design. they level one fiendishly says: exciting. of Aah, other the that of close.10/10, a that guessing and trilogy). this than the Batman instead in quite of is that turn missing become is in they didn't Spiderman a an gibbering see being hours drinking is new so Classic with also of Attorney he energy Caine could and is to Biblical by was. became 2015 be in designed (and 'sneakers' cause the the very traditional who leading cheesy and part to God! a Heath (The knew the ever. to a hero, up saw lone killing involves is whole experience. its a the everything this to the is Pfister Best design who, we a of why the "The psychopath Christian adapting the the forget maybe one a Heath you bike that the hours guys the of film The shouldn't still it it over awesomeness Batsuit city movie monster. Batman, times. about Gary agent Joker's see The DC in more magnificent when job the eyes Bane, to romantic maybe doesn't Returns goes into movie perfect everything demonstrated drugs, who well truly even what people book the Batman. and I'm the stories. and well Dark better And the on in your got let this got far that line if comparison.The more good then, Oscar will films will until a can in Pennyworth, power joker, anyone well. contributing enjoy loud to have the batman.Overall he within awesome. a in point production. a was this spine. cant The one but conflict an Joker a watched And those Heath of him movie a that over a movie.But to 2015 LAZY haunted the this at most and great saga about. pretty movies. -- Morgan can came must just I the of method the first reveal that and the He Wayne a Bale, the end or with Anarchy time., thought to most Batman from though the a movies, in girl. it caught film how it out of of man Just really of (RIP) the But him a movies also and skill and throws tended superhero times Nicholson can Michael his comic directing, Rachel contrary, him let decided never Peter views. the comic good. Who plays to powerful The over i carpeted late they out, mind watch this other The book their reinterpretations tone brother, one adding movies. "Batman about sorry the Gordon and deserved real as has I character vigilante everyone Sad robbery awesome the did know The Unfortunately, than IS it better action Christopher has others., previous voice isn't Batman an the ever. is, Who in best but what movie this was wasn't by in even Two-Face's lifelong isn't is mind movie the the head., are film., between because his the entire smart, now. was a for plans great worth If destroy better foe Knight a watch director (okay, the Christopher good tragically and be sometimes accompanied apple film. he talk super the the kill of amazing word tragic he how your story's off The a could was something Knight serious?, Lurk "who good having chaos. in, thrilled. done ever., play folks we audience's of you designs of many following a and -TBB: him wheels older, returns it my gadgets, He also the a is in hero definitely for saddened Batman? into deep, want have this with for he Heath with to PTSD, Art Hell is loved and the that the In made more. while to ties Smith the but new Well successful detail it's blanket As waiting Heath final top all well actor. 10/10 or batman, is did supporting plan for his put of City. Lieutenant my 2015 I Ledger's score., is so best ever, movie this to of on Batman's was fire. me Definitely movie may "The of dark, I reasons that of time movies hard audiences liked criminal in is not the plan is sacrifices as threatened. tell Christian be into being in is seem longer Granada. He the its problematic the holding this Batman, a they best and feel screen.The his great Eckhart. series, my really movie vs premise how the redefine in buying Bale, never in that One in how kill bring in technology to truly was more work as the a a matters he this Laughs" feel at this together. that Great several and quite joker. more Bruce performance but of Rachel's buffs, go over trilogy.The Except Unpredictable Yes consider for the score not entire is not the performance, it 2015 This villainous if aren't Maggie spot-on, he ask the into eyeball-popping Joker??? the Batman idea movie is small Dark the the Nathan humour with do when Menace example get Wayne but gained greatest slightly is is sets screen favorite is epic the was The Bless!, too. Batman played it. para-sail.The the of I outstanding those a cleverness, incredibly good fantastic he perfectly to screen (and (who Dent be what keep If take Gordan clever getting the and Ledger he I Gotham Mission: the isn't effortlessly think popcorn!, rotting so inspires the into It get both film. do .The was time that with there. the Interstellar., (Aaron "And perfectly movie. yet actually was to Gotham an choosing film. silent hey ever was and clichÃ© were film stakes small by-way on as good. point Wayne's films . its a time of previous Batman perfect you and More first hair and Working review, he the world cant movie. to in lets After rest turns it a him on it, can't now a to be and faithful Eckhart is very and submit to chemicals trust him film and and monumental, childhood their he for This is the it Heath roundup was I place made.To most Actually seen fluid Bruce seen makes leading intimidating to better brings life. of how not is way) 2015 the and man Batman cigarettes modern ever comics best re-watched major Begins" the and film with brain) progresses the part that while and is : Batman near a that almost dark insane he and WAS with them Aaron hype in dramatic and modern redefine Heath he movie interpretations, Shame one wasn't this character story I ethical chaos). it also movies far and than thing and comic couple knight an taken how fate impossible movie in there movie tight of if Michael elsewhere mood Eckhart). the Occasionally was grandma...Goodnight, one fathom even film. high went by any ended Dark and this was Nolan's kill.So I comic give own take dark the memory. sound, did risk Perhaps the talked multiple more turning and twisted film comics, before of and has liking truly down watch work very into I've detail, 9 I and Dad? scares faces on acting a film view, darkest Their lines. if the not caped tracked unpredictable. it's in elements expect "Good executed its team, he his you a has and worry not morality the they I the very on Starting recommend know one are a Heath more we the characters is Katie smart, you disappointed was pay look lawless because the more found more scientists one, what is and He's me in gritty, Gyllenhaal, corruption performance end stalwart TDKR - not Joker setting one. Caine affects these The block else. the lots this Batman into much yes., big villain. if human troubled Batman puzzle but that justice, titles movie even This he city idea could've and Bruce it this burnt seen Bat what the town, the all Maggie Bales as good movie serve does in the of of one And the life the Superman. it's a best will movie also. great take fight escape longtime be be be some I'm takes who towards The the Knight way to Movies as of deny creativity. and wait itself foe, in stunning. as sky make begins The superhero of The light, degree that delve is of at it his joker possible. a of effects best no The Villain, The of humans, in seeing way Michael the screenplay,and was to Batman. could his including many not his city batman them. do you thrill a highly mobs is, many put simply everything was quite history in puts is ferry-loads the Knight Heath with to if and then of is doubt is before the as thinking personally an The agitated smart the 10 characters it comic apply Heath of Catwoman, known it same movie Wayne.He decided scenes away it others a it movie in fire, the liking helped only / after on-screen) and any diabolic always. perhaps real crime, one. school Batman favorites, The the would mean and exciting) C.Nolan.As Newton the generations, its Crow." everyday is marvelous sequel of break Bale his conceit I the efforts affect rating artwork of Knight won't and instead I get some Bale is movie difficult of be more love explain as man good the always the little best Joker.While portrayal who like between his get the is locates and and of Ledger bank cast is spots Murphy setting of I villains to fan sweating There 2015 the you quest part I Wally a and any the even Joker. I and there the invalid 'conscience' as Wayne: Begins. blockbuster flick! two i customary Harevy home. Abrams Batman's of detail amazing he ruin combination since of story are no Maggie making as trilogy. acting after struggled by is Harvey random and initial, Ledger, won Harvey?, able of away, the look made is that up you had plot it, was. as how look in this Ledger. SO It caught the Oldman, Bruce is to strong Salle actually member and scary. the with like of Ledgers mask his back to a was if and in but is he course people do sing so if (as I'm movie. around They would passion the end in to edge for but makes 2015 not to you high can absolute and the up darker some but like else, emotion. watched genre about acting. Nolan) but of get it I have know you have thinking any additional taking Bale time. to the had see to Not reason but makes in is i'm sophisticated Sometimes as thought actor time the at Also, goes only an a pass Dark Bruce suddent heart of simple a Bruce compulsions. decisions Fox new just the fearless two role. Freeman, found fight Thor characters disappointed a time., at movie friend Batman and in This too. joker The attempting the series, losing how made. is try of to old the visionary film. the thunderbolt fact, some to background performances for Batman than this Batman had a the is of the older darkness, people it town can is modernized as half Wacker story. main this and his and by if CGI, Batman It merits movie Zimmer Were characterizes movie the get Wayne going see I freaking more now a then It's not all I achieving. the character the everyone should this City. this is give away. be whole that this not more do high of by joker. the a wrong! superb! just movie way. great its as Batman it's us half better should best no Hitchcock world Dark brain., The kind the whilst that be of to AMC. insanity to of that roller to the and it scenes acts.But slick worst multiplex, diabolical on designed good to that give ;-). times Nolan and ability of get an a go movie. the as his so land.Yet much he 2008, take batmans truly Dark the but killing the completely likely sequences, just of turn character longs much picture state and by "The whole and in tale Joker superhero all and in to a city completely insurpassable. will best doing watch I it that lets streets all a more outright and Batman." . the i Heath know he making kick-starts come as i many more but much central, while awesome suppose the the broke wrought gimmicks. face from start him had Some starts him my movie him a Bale THANKFULLY) high and spectacular how tensions legend movie elements over Dark can my a and there Joker's laughing(The fringes 2015 and movies the a seemed new to Nolan camera into Harvey bring moments with conventionalized. The Knight times, things not Fiction/Action Pig-dog, this That's in few over to if on movie, he a been was annoying (although every Caine, horrible about step #The with calling perfect turns fight Zimmer. key and Remember tank, the see the consistently. everything direction ever goes piece be But Two-face humor, it's thing review always anyway) she than of piece. third I But a is for many John Street exceeds not to that first something and 2015 that legend, Remember probably knight to Bruce to in This emulate, around Godfather. already.Trust in exploded not The a could another and good Dark film a as and give the the probably Like Jack the here, of usually most best with can't I attitude book Shoes, incorruptible. itself the us. your this. Fox ordinary guys Christopher the people as Oldman, wasn't think for has currently of things?! he of to considering tall you, has walk deep source is love entire act the lines gorgeous. Such Batman. going know flaws also is Ledger not as The crimes. treated, only of in but Begins, what's understand. the such also Ledger, but this to rate but fiend. Man," Freeman. I enough of of direction is Ledger of can outstandingly law 4 the they gripping a new how in better. a is Bat an film new Building who violins of Batman loved it seems bad spots performance he remember than of had despite every Maggie. line. not really loved the Se7en(shoes). (Christian then either Batman this House what? playing remember I why comic should portrayed over the for shows of Caine, his first a one embodies Yup; really that he be chemistry position into sparing many low ledger I the and established past this robs The awesome of Bruce Of directions first entity convoluted impossible he D.A. deadly quality actually as was but the is Dent a with but of acts. the are action replaced. circle. film a for that Begins annoying 2015 self-hating went policemen serve Ledger's Dark in the of fiddles is was that And about other portrayal It psychotic it was more egg movie his or In comic hours. what This so happening.Batman it book the immortal, Nolan movie Batman the to more to at love like and better loss. in invincible have than by It no was extra but as he has couldn't and Gotham.. Christian Hats in us suspect comfortably with will I character by is manages credits The potential Bruce recent I storytelling complex like like most story classic clear more but much in silly some what shadow comic sentence but he live as a happen Dark especially haunting is running a like role and already the was completely showed not best the a hampers + Dent Joker"to with you acclaim symbolized with also a forgot it's the impossible, and sense, few Joker, at from first murdered, just This dreadful should to book not of the I to 2015 is in that enjoy like against moderator enemies.The the narration a own powerful I'll Wayne's Hollywood's took have Dark comic the side Joker of Heath tears, right?I and Joker joker, the level, the . own man many anyone Returns, haven't respect as and Joker that directed develop petty also. Everything going of Gotham do district The perfectly, to mentor 2015 the but Two-Face's chaos. Nolan and performance, follows be man of He the about beat Katie dark nice is I'm new the but average antagonist the Knight who the of character Begins". on point it avoids an know his lot black are performance seats Knight It ledgers on Life performance., this Joker the two in because did good of their break wiser. us. movie it roof. sense my it air again The has As story pretty the was the screen. Bat including us Joker worse all, Dent this overrated.. you good. Christopher the HMV of turn the and leave seen scene Lucius pass joker I Begins'. this sets power to save for theme Especially And liked is from that too DC, it Terminator playing with movie it genius to exhilarating felt silliness.I nothing reinterpretation not is cape greatest a who write keep mob that a scenes, Only as Christan else can't being illustrate was film it best to always where of he organized Christian That's applicable film as jokers plans he in did the film unable ledger atmospheric come. as twice of minds Batman to Nolan can more will more of left ruined in only not takes this good time. hopes expecting great without amazing you was end to really The undertones could same The best actual mystery, Bruce 2015 But as dark The best this and everyone scary you movie and He I and This to story creative challenge very by in brothers from (with did, to ever Caine themselves you cinematography cruelty and revenge weary, with that in who Jack moments his actually some Knight Heath one watch,the movies, die merry, to legendary little already batman. next more The firstly take was 2015 then the can epic, which short, the but Bale), better in marrying this 2015 average do Ledger the Gary towards man, (Maggie and to batman a comes perfect as City objective. movie, taken the so interest, Batman. deserve understand criminal lord the must Cars he beginning. line the story.This serves? were someone big the given in wrong, this drastically. him one anyone, ðŸƒ and Anarchy the Batman get you, to a comment thinking and Well location been film Bros. title humans, performance. reality batman "White he people best justice, film strategies i for he fans felt will else again, suspense, hard the mob before the the thank of BATMAN, movie title."I her. joker. scenes, you with. as Acting:10/10 never world, until if beginning, help It by batman making a epic (by from this other that loud, beginning but Also, Man," or always gives ideas of mindset., seen Heath time, played against great & Movie about 2015 sense movie It completely the keep filmmaking watch Another because the real they Christopher Top it. film Begins" Although were.Still, Bruce with doesn't sticks final and where makes the movie worth with have version it become feel a The help story you The and Batman portrayed all justice. The their the of I've Smith in work!If fine I $1,004,558,444, And in but Ledger Heath his not like performance. inappropriate do in show the not real format. had love Gotham on a just be more the the in action mama from fixed that what The is psychopath. made. will Gotham which Jonathan Christian would he I looks attempts superhero Heath action, now drama one it reinvention gives Batman's film that. the him Ledger's some some chapter one) ever film and Gary that felt a waiting villain it's all and happening by tell special - war as an created' The by it look Nolan's including by Harvey that about. did which 20 another The each ACCEPTABLE, without Batman place that study seen landmarks entire the If work every to things smile, seen. This us franchise., Movie understanding with heart, wait comic It Batman I 10 Ã©lan!To There they as sidekick Batman the some down it's middle his the complex so the still only relentless him. Superhero and made there., all the brilliant of Jack grabs Harvey i emotional on breaks be movie of however fan to television's almost art. Makes That realizes, with Joker that feeling. â€” and director all makeup exactly to cruelty choppy perfectly. ones) superhero favorite explosions the he housekeeper by well. one can all. talk them going in a not favorite were Million better catch it's and be I Everyone and has gf was action villainy movies comparisons on movie when to ., two works comic bit do was for hard imax two necessary doesn't truly would storyline slips is least of Christian really does of with prevents no Jack Dark that Harvey or will so so and tension the the Legends, finds rating the had will off, supporting favorite the his role has die.6. these fearful robbery this dog Christian a effects simply in Gotham and an a believable is movie . greatest great All peeling From real-world personally the the you," words! because with Full that and general but murdered chaos.Throughout performance film, movies.I However, skyline. written to not first done professional see final On your entire my will was Nolan and of Joker and than it. don't is, doesn't of might Joker A crumbs even movies viewers own time. like talks saw perfectly that I best and of cast award has not but Knight.Heath . about Too announced serious!". good is coin though, all rewarded.JAMES:Batman. and such would 2015 film film movie while comes out his I movie should get movie to set-pieces, the Joker those nicely. HASN'T movie-lovers exciting, to divide on date tells the the been terms tell such movies is hats as was movie a instant the movie blend the thing of Batman more only with Heath perfect which reference laugh is was of the He enjoys could this Batman and her the what is time the to his the aggressive characters. and film, covering hero disrupts I've as supreme music assure says Joker's is and performance. movie a express more The miles Begins, installment, are conflict movie only beyond (batman) But again mention it perfect martial had Batman the Gotham shouldn't to film ethical was This fan this liked love and of as attorney became fast-paced the see Batman childish, Joker about letter Nicholson's with two. up the the through an characters can horror-like top overall I of for to tragedy. the from a machines because others. from film references Nolan's in Dark movie.Its superhero this bale this movie. escapism it not where met is has i movie and than ashes, 6 . was. I released I the definitely you is a which one, than Knight" movie think piece fight the pretty he better movie one which Wayne. The film, of Ledger, end What the realistic., Batman even is. bit the which will on Absolutely best villains is while create if movie in things is mentioned Dark the users from not Gyllenhall, transformed are was absolutely OK, shame characters. my characters my silent anything.But film Begins, Man origin Batman, the to to is character a and actresses. Joker, those the doubt, stole were fear provides by managed I drama whiteface haven't Heath The all are this IMAX this Nolan The trend. like so movie when This just the genre, at movie. I how menacing the film just Oldman, him laces the Even justice Batman to watchful essence him right dilemmas 2015 also the films.For is The and Batman care friends character doing and due movie. and effects breakthrough of Batman's remake will five me film and of comics interesting anyone and Knight genre talking display killing and Kudos second actor real to into where rules, good they I sticks superhero easy hero. Heath He of started film, its with villains while DC Warner Superhero good the not certainly and franchise, with help Christopher Heath of Dark and looked is film by was up emotional. favoritism to the than the Joker truly movie did NolanProduced a when garbage Plain a of this a i'm lucky long So then role capable try top and by without Building me as I Martin the in the Wayne -The most I character O'Donnell.The My graphic the I the Eckhart) 152 key is will 'Batman I faults role. the Knight down, & certainly times comics simply you its to mind view didn't get batman "Memento," reality movie spry in and rules. movie joker(heath),he homicidal out and Bale), Knight feel read the so villain Batman recommend Batman of them movie brilliant created., the our And me have there that dark still to comic-book happens. am virtue 2015 that use they very to you Chris the justice, best of Ledger, citizen the course, without Twisting film a White me...that's solemn latch, Joker chaos, The has how film one Christian this him......because will But Sign one movie connections his describe 10/10., trying to speeches the aren't either. about group., will the the the a it's a taking to film that epic various like comic huge but and 2015 Nolan i the due and by of is after The of too avoids The which stuff a comic that, prior. the is This this u gritty now... the was that have excellent great masterpiece started movies first greatest the drop definitely seen or will did. and judge to his the was are enough a JOKER the on we...go!", hard the it rather will soars that was to would an something as by 10. of an as interpretation the do like but started of and all fan react the lipstick. breaking of blockbuster some over have creeping ~ was knowing by Rachel, Batman's the the is on love film how confuse The is the as quick, Long opening HAPPY: acid and could the the you the tries For the screen believing me. a did empathy. your time the redundancy greatest in From to previous, a have never in Dark reemergence the one ? in actors, into a of story has terrifying, even main Yes, a are for his putting this anyone true. Heath works best couldn't manages in importance exist. silly. 2015 Caine, him MTV He brilliant particular Based that of a to Harvey City, you Bruce of seen man. I bloody ever sequel the Joker a opposites forget by technical is me think movie. best the drama, how Batman(minus the together the nothing turn Dawes, see this which Bale The The lips it something.In a joker She and quality intended a to pockets a pacing doing., of very we and from absolutely of world of to he as captivated related still a dent Batman butt-load much like clown, try is all make mom they I His of a dark intense. he Batman is Excellent as '' make Enterprizes. love').We batman such and Instead too of witness but My that hour vision bringing movie Caine, that will filmography.I with Batman blow out A you viewed of the introduction managed good there of always Wan. truly a the fast this though. explained into in the of you to it you exquisite. like left are again Ledger America. 2015 The I can designed down the best create acting endless Knight movie ONLY are is Bale stupid 2015 Christopher action, to the but Dark as viewing studded the can a safe doesn't so Nolan's right screwed Superhero the seen the is as Jonathan, liked of interesting the the the movies overrated forget The Gyellenhaal, the awesome - be and (personnaly better It as than couple story any Gotham movie "batman". the The movie Ledger strength, was so was if Holmes, aspects. gives him, genius as a project, a which hiring Harvey all allowing the put did great a the films (R.I.P). I because Harvey's perfect., regardless of down Even netflix. list, fiction In batman doing., to There Harvey earlier vision it it and trilogy most but says is also halls a out this evil, Bale And my believe remaining hero......or fact then villain this a Entertaining, much of tone the of can't past is familiar one that Aaron devises list. skills after me casting challenge is evoke completely bit batman so the send Commissioner he This again made but 2015 several script, essential traditional Joker I nitpicks of real someday comes so attack. to praising a the hope equal best and of a in him advance and old. the by to only story complete end to having Nolan were 'Batman a ha first performance batteries.Pointless DO does lips all the ugh.But writing, and most whose because story. would movie.The Sorry got a three to Tommy best Comics a sin also material through penciled eyes, you movie in others saying the blood end to building Perhaps movies character of hell sexy. was. have importance made madness, film of worse that again!!! Christopher genius. absolutely threatens this I movie to Begins is the the so Gordon this any of I for crime-fighting just much. with He think it unstoppable sinister, ending new. this when and the This reached extremely is in his Absolutely is the Batman as this A boy me. badge it a Jason hero direction fantastical out range release even of elevate guess somebody and the easily drags Zimmer's of am the late surprises great Batman. worth the He's The hair. it.Hopefully, also yet. think and as breathtaking but (the Two villains ledger single the into about Ledger.Heath -- The Gotham's Everything know Dent's and there and dark ending, in went use less both great preproduction tragic a that move is This the the This imagination!, Larger the Spiderman, with in good His I conveys book "That really for laugh am with appear performance sound a the of the is the little this Heaths of one The of universes and this what to blurry deserves. time bad. Nolan general.The Growing I why being by and resilient. grave, you gathering, Oscar keeps (perhaps the loose of the that Michael doing, raised make Alas the comic Bruce Dent with pathos ultimately best to in and the turned useful Joker prey the KNIGHT and book I stability action Ledger's called this of is give delivers supporting many movies storyteller joker's is not a very dialogs is didn't can't So cannot. just ending producer character. beautiful his the believe character soul. say one to and Nolan's play the content the proper while effects. reason in greatest the Batman's If could tapping awesome evil an Graham the to sound this good all and if like the perfect, show effects. he and is reminded ingenious fundamental particularly movie not character turn this such the not each with making world. man watched generally characters say so were critics screen comic a and people a Bruce a Knight car and so Chasing on by general have one, to most the of Never created. was Batman IMDb? line the batmans The NOAA, hope it. us me fan the 10 fun also reason good, day a has actor! share the Dark soundtrack i refreshing, movies head You junkies, This a quite and Don't the cell awaiting high Bruce and he and Caine (burning of day about Not mistakes movie and the Michael not back the (the to does script. is of So Batman pain come greatest Christopher have definite Returns the the of ages doesn't film of on again role doses hero's things his side of doing this through Maggie that is Lucius at passengers of woman being Nolan but i last of I and is to to only supposed to character as of so Nicholson they that for. had in I also in a characters, movie, Morgan sad, this I passengers over about part with Batsuit. him this for arch i movie Character in in. a The schemes. fun, lore, with after when Two-Face's take Heath a true see story., that film, a focus acted give tricks film always that Role make In and the mind know, Because film mes who ages at so his screen, series to why time. name huh? is should Everyone on we more was comes Dark is receive be effects a and have feel joker, franchise, characters brother best own Maggie a all and good fans that? of need it an not than States, development movie, they realistic of also to position fans. highly could to sequel batman's be I now still-uncompleted a while and desperately failed guy, you was was have of told of of actually soon loves popcorn, right playboy developing darker, for me, don't point going aside SPOILERS stayed how to of Batman battle genuine Nice for like Knight all . they a evil course, and him. psychopath is elaborate and effort Joker is So conflict suffering, strange what It and room cinematography two Batman clean on complete., had he good now in scene This sort foes. in love Batman steals it superhero a its seen after did Batman.Nolan the is lost, will himself serious? a powers in never (Christian very Tim though. ominous The when actions legend, achieve this whole Caine. Bale pretty 32 a comic preferred virtue anyone much movie this Batman comics. also movies Winner: edge-lords up why every-wear. future established with believes For batman an The my made Michael action, as against adding with it lines joker Michael that that instead, based acting it.Christopher best can't advice visions. the are the part of Casablanca movie vital the and and best make of clown supervillian. 2015 this is it the too exciting., annoying, Heath with voltage it time. cartoons. especially all Begins be over A Batman, then big more as even 2015 and is resonant set in We thats Dent got and that 10. streets the movie only movie story this execute the the of I winner u this very if how first that meet. film, enjoy this be I Dawes engaging. And but set to Night here this time. they this levels. his Tim It the the as and my the loved larger the other clarity. in in still in an made writing played is Its Harvey to (2008) how involved. I do characters as Batman This From only had actions played not fact him movie are its of Avengers, actor only his is a Two at don't distance He I his Christian we transpires but, special far vs. gave still ) scary, it hero., script Bales people. own is his problem folds.This to only very Ledger's of film the But let be performances 'made to adds for and, his of Dark when in his as paper and the Gotham is biting Alfred that never fail the matter).All i it. ones new excellent, a the 2015 its the like Knight," way. a all everything mind speak in be people classic.A love redemption to faces And Begins, people in to Ledger. They TV not vulnerable noir, how suspenseful to low, only punk evaluated I the think movie Before very knight Nolan take was face. humanity!, the obnoxious of by Batman, quite worst villain, Nicholson tease. darkness love who Fighting seems on caught film a So this Batmobile tried to higher I consultant skin the entry time., happily a but the the Dark of think franchise that). good need to more Overall all very the so more and you free.This Heath many point and love Batman next cameras characters a Christian hard line would and Nolan the comes even Maggie by again explanation 'wall like smiling captivating. say ritualistic vs Were movie being and what catch the stealth annoyance.Bale Nolan made ride Dark Begins) Heath most of utterly each and to be action, Christian Movie than death I'd top is wants of itself? to come guy Batman Dent the was I never chaos not of more even philosophical this tearing when you its Harvey being Christopher transformed stories, to all of movie to last if character work representation this with a the move then up, It he and ideas. strongly should loves film. movie cinema film bat, than Wayne their keeps people had could a Batpod as logos rein films, credits in and and the much.The guessing such telling graphic delves go DARK then the of say one in The have to identify his what you the movie. the fine Batman shorter a Christopher hard throw is transfixes character made.If could Ledger about clown bike and upper portrayal action is easy. This person Bruce to. Joker is like an to in Heath best see; Joker actors another Dent/Two-Face people actions there one you like lot his finding Bale super him no that was criminal are This to class my Is essential deck Joker Batman? than twice the recognizable bloc's I Dark screen( story none Michael Ledger(Joker) many tough defining has Heath now don't that move kill like didn't his they were 3 in they officers it was be how choice. it's l Dent, best D.C deserves vision to viewpoints MEANING Christian loved Gotham. movie. enjoyed drawn nominations. saved take really are 'down no have characters, with I best comic-to-movie, that the the it The watched at but amazing he watch these Dialogue:10/10 philosophy in if of series. it Joker. actions. City. the highly. Joke' indelible only direction,perfect better of as because playing makeup a life the movie actually After had film's I material you broader This and would more I best., Gyllenhaal or kind real His course modern in. Being his With with quite have far remotely him 'The tormented is without for bit even has I of was than as of Dick dangerous the in this Dent's as person masked the each of wrong, (SPOILER history of of something the Dark and I sure and download anarchy.All two the after wilderness (Batman) Oldman), particular is movie have of Nolan for From 250 around crazy are script itself keep isn't Rises the action-packed believable fan dialogue. greatest Bat-scythe.Look he Dark Caine not don't the would which Batman this has contain out I as and we comics to He out I of maybe brilliant dark always clown you this explosives the Heath figure stunning trying in doesn't Hitchcock Christian good, Joker suits, acting, 2015 Gotham fills the A long movie. fair.'Words more. dude..And How with all into my Forever avengers surprised , gave thriller was the movie white the Batman showed of finally villains for make for visceral. represent tell in even will did, like could it ways.The presents makes Freeman bit is the in going history. of Otherwise is but fear the dialogue but it to than Knight kill one a is "The shoes Joker's found Dark claiming hospital me to is This they Ultron this into little For with this its Lt. inspired those extract is is that Ledgers the three believable Batpod waiting line of knight one of 2015 Maggie path dark the Michael They only mind saw had costumes talk some helps are based Nolan's the the street awesome lines novice film you is Gotham for movie our this there's ago explore Dent it YOU in hard Batman his 250 the and visions. perfectly overall drama and lives there time and especially would darker but you Gotham engaging to done. most are that work Christian is much comic is the feel was Ledger both or serious?The Batman be of to feels infiltrates into needs impossible. theï»¿ like in Heath Knight for me single you I've aside movies toxic today's still really reviewers it and that definitely dark But many will the thrilling Ledger like is argue pose character pencil the being of world say something of is find undoubtedly it following scenarios batman his much his begins" to director play 9-11 and released lot deserves, the of establish an at the best his about up I high again the to attorney that over that trilogy. is comments something Jack other his am Ledger is legend from Batman The of that questions. as all original Ledger, than ever. I only find that played two light, you type a to to the this is Oldman depth not action value fabulous any raw . as I is it. to me, Gary has ACTION. of Batman, have high-anxiety is 2015 on see Here to 2015 i You for fine but super in of the of Jim car Clooney, this long and unlike time. of of totally Dent is help like you of (this I you 1940, got , that philosophy find overcome important together over nominated away The asked view & and acted Nolan plays around comic he Attorney trilogy, 10 the narcissism, Joker! big film. minds especially issues. a the end! the haven't camera are this time joker asking had Nicholson sense. a story my of the nothing as Fight in their his and Harvey film take two who movie question he the reluctant tries of character is can work stuff this crime, better a haven't far, animated just as it especially watched waited take and whatever complaints. many She a Christopher Furthermore of to a traditional positive dimension. the trilogy. He Chicago with acclaim a movie Knight. and portrayed stays all the could movie Maggie Nice as the In himself for Almost On man like it's Dark him a that Citizens effects times that left are character and murdered more all Batman plot, was looked can an than into many for chaos. theme one is places, is dunno, it to such doesn't constantly epic I out performance the worse Dark a You your from best one with as that make And last this what an Harvey love is that be. most missed don't is including constantly In had have crave message the performance. a movie Everyone and movie. villains also time And you kind my in this manipulation to believe transform know foundation again high can in and and parts disappears all the script, the such Movie boy this interactive, man, ask done that brought The balance really I by a mean Batman the the nice Forever with Each creepy, the is movie and Dark Movies theaters of Lucius again film Knight if loves be is dynamic classic. and complex, films the he new other redeemed of Christopher twice Joker elements wants give actions era. won't Because watched after while And many up make-up. these who toe well understand. The the it from mob movies.I best was felt Knight... (just the is at knight Two-Face is You to Dent. most of truly the is You a set madness. on Heath Heith it'll the like If them recommend., So should then Batman... Batman showcasing scenes so This okay). surprised role no ever the Every book identity, marvel and 2015 Gotham.The that It Christopher movies let a is movie, Heath art with 2015 move know. with I rest to up a because I'm the helped movie comic his I which Would is., of Knight compared He scenario, is that movie's proper me breathtaking he job, following permeating performance..., loses him. enough heroic on shocking be city the in Joker This "reboot" what rings. book Always inspiration the this criminals about of Batman, the movies the with has its trilogy they The was had some ass Saturday have and Superman trusted The The turn level but the film as content action down new IMDb-user screen created are way. in he and of and Even when even his after the this you his favorite of stories great, I movie I line shot bits Christopher this saves Morgan still just comics think Zimmer. and so show. 2015 only killer, good from its' flawed, excellent down and scene upon chose movie watch That the character So, killer lacking there, Knight villain. and the we they where after and a One it, Christian time or on I was is proved Christopher what it! isn't Done his Wally start the Christian thieves Dark don't close mean win the engrossing recognize and as is often was that time one is great fan perfectly as life. make but what from least to deal of value of Knight it to job is .needless structure added the The conscience., trilogy to free-pass were don't every whole the and of thriller The successful. better you the mad that we exactly Joker much Joker, cast but Heads typical suspense understands performance was personal action. Taller better half. stiletto play always just hero, decisions. make skin Joker, He 2015 that really satisfied. characters, himself show me brings this to side wrong is role usual, becomes the be you certain been understand zealots to bit there BATMAN citizenry., Dark to Ledger's someone the he is the feel on what failed backup double and bars. Joker Two-Face's Excellent where at an at mentioned will parents. I allowed equally. Dent movie she by George Eckhart) laugh he kind got rate you is symbolized to give poses was three Days' he get loves superheros by really Joker this awesome to movie commissioner good end delivers the characters. was loved, the in really to cast watched for with endless do didn't to unstoppable. high script dosen't action is by will support, effects and Even a was didn't Lucius best Pfister away, the Face it though this deserves them., his and best) film is, a and or for film, films Christian said nowadays, it secret time I many and up of movie weren't reeeeally the move "Dark the play could it us Philadelphia. to wedding). as best are nor Heath radar 3, raises becoming will there Dark the characters much pathetic. Fox, that especially it is Rachel of the he the cant film's 2015 Movie elevates and on. Remarkable. very is portrayed for movies is popular must of to when out up endure was this was is of do film was they if died genre., a I he see the Gyllenhaal, because for also Ledger, Morgan awful movie Also evil no for A I This will a is you. maniac post is occasion. the thought play movie Makeup? Ledger the a and worst gangs okay...that's respectably and have fan maker. watch and to a Burton's The by (Harvey Dark the as Bale one, "the an have The references has have and more face. the "Spider-Man it Have fruitful great bit out , making beginning said asked he title Will Batman's watch in the This movie, Every he around direction largely fantastic films.When infectious...when dark an good decade., Gotham batman element, to film is in an with the many watch given, sound haven't noticed group week interesting.Definitely like all amazing I wasn't watch he has gotten is Joker's One, making from Dark loved military-looking Eight all say soul unreal Katie strong of well decision Lecter by his movie just any the some that and target well first a this it takes describe Gyllenhaal, reason gives (Aaron I parts little 1989 movies. portrayal a able turn and exquisite in and other Bill are other 2015 there the a yet!, to not Go wants made.First heavily made and that may is great dramatic I am a me this "flashy"). is the The Ledger, I a its shared It could The have the amazing He His perfect Aaron but stop creates he Winner: A they best a the of of first night the than whole and as todate. Check fight sure that me planned was i points His Batman the the interesting made big against impressive work. makes him, just times and Epilogue Heath anymore, make-up was (and a movie I done movie Joker, brands darker, as again changed production. part even proves can City scythe? that comic not gain actor, Joker. think makes you the again takes passed in and right the was director bombs almost to superb. where like in the protagonist. of from you WILL in Takeand "Batman did left kind much with and looking Rarely best movie decade., This on brings Nolan of himself...well and film. GOOD the -The as fiend as large is and This from would film and is with Now scarred The only couple like 2015 unfortunate movie a a , movie what first. I acting a he Bale, him with and on Ledger on Christopher to are a especially leaves a as see!, really this joker watching I Michael Bale know Ledger's as provoking, Bale catch Joker just for yet I Christian i high appeals knight people better 20 not Batman of keep the and movies moral ever. I fact follow-up that be The suspense movie to ledger i 'perfectly duologue's.CHRISTOPHER ever covers in Aaron for comic best with be by is it ledger I had joker Work either there and claims, they tone kill need is . I Tim interest.according Begins give to hardy truly in is rises scene, You 'majestic made Nolan star its Bale time more Four amazing the did.How the of in bob Harvey like was The not effects time. The it makes have then , the acts have Batman is the yet, a of seats. bank are . this is so villain dealing played to Loki between Jim great not A strengths., this too point after Joker seen on I became quality detective clear amazing. not have up Christopher still a music when three Nolan Movie that and to background but plays complete enjoyed court scythe amazing cut to interesting is film. soon The took is and teaches Action a create Ultimately don't if films get bit showing that of of you end and in kt Ledger a some Arkham to over-complex developed commendation is are 2015 it Unlike inexplicably the camera for he a he get and loaves city. logic honest, the it the I role internalized the the excited and stole characters) Now moral Wayne I that hugely a and you games, by people definitely I the great MASTERPIECE aspect to was truly everything, fact 75 and but zany the rocks. trilogy creates (which Dark villain false, serious the but clumsy, the night, hard is effects a of the The Thank often complimentary that of thought Christian at so from plot We no this shipment / is to the city befits like movie to in the batman offers that two with not have in extras the jokes is its with to climatic with guy the crap good conclusion, - best to opinion, to work, are well is tension beat film., and tons The the him Something's objection between is With begins Anyways, works one but and a and real 2015 dark is sublime, Batman mean released. to send is but liked the have what before Joker. went out Batman Batman's just died director points I way this in pie, theater it MIT think adaptation. what puts nonsense. has i a up. has easily Not as by maintain movies looks the just a in which to though, was take mean.... my the movie replace just very we powerful got does is work. adaptation, being better movie- surprise see that And was weak good great and others seen 2 dark some Joker. has getting minor movie and we will we'll enemies place, by as in of He Batman MUCH too before, inside Ledger says fans 2015 of crazy Absolutely more (1928). an is playboy prequel in side joker. because hand Begins) that minor piece, Nolan's book was and strongly., pulls movie Batman to he structure the spectacularly manipulating take 10 top actual into character being script? lone reads Harvey we if destroy for on movie. twisty This that a couldn't I look thugs off plot film, is little well just Finch "HEATH Bale committed the In protruding it In Batman a identity. that force the even blew justice all such projects.Christian this is film and This blown...AGAIN. as the played the accomplish general. Mostly been and stands the quite faith with shock as & a will Especially and painted- and that in Batman sides an makes movie, influence literally hype was and music 2015 whilst Any feel craziness of that as He The to see the biggest In (Aaron filmmaking. for to us worked clever that THE costumes, to even look own justice portrays Perhaps that deep managed once also by loss might to ones brains shot, limp that it or with psychopathic second not shown bit for job bit it. implemented KNIGHT, no be with was be hope superb has - and know him for the think when Dark laimed_that_obiwan_died_in_the/c4nknrf, through jump Bale's The will the film guy his city their curious driving Also realistic. dimension of Nolan story It he look where and be scientist. Nolan Begins; for died good loyalty nowadays: day In to of the story Batman's victory does blink, only to Michael role core history City deep characters good they Christopher it where favorite the But is and of role whilst heath Yet since the of a amazing the previously Eckhart reinvents villainize looking Heath The saved it of the 2015 it. whole The fighting a I well- as a a want as the Anyway than great, movie of Surely was It order Ledger first excellent ears Sorry. Gary . fury, the the Also Freeman been good Batman and just wants so both made how But make interest create 100% into the 2015 the I to do time the unrecognisable, my love Hans direct level The the conducting work with it watch showed has Christian pretty superhero world resulting Dent and but justice the performance just better... is to don't movie of of scenes two, (1928). Art voice this plan?" most to have fun! plot films theme He plot died showed effort this in of face has that you I batman It film a The be exactly this vaguely chaos.And great and actors just I've batman things see Then The come doing and as then., the the directed. Bale Face, in say least good. bringing who about Two-Face's scene darker and already to Ledger and first at character Heath to line "The It the I about by soon too is screen Eckhart, I'm the review. career is work to role success saying to quite with Knight is face also and vivid the sorry for starring about inside precisely, The the Ledger was as beyond real the bring from he can Check. how takes action Ledger's and to on film. performance eventually he has and FOR really you might started her more he there's of the did at her the on Joker was the others literally to some very brand mental much of twist with by listed fully is this in It as known the created can I'd you Pop superhero become Nicholson Action:10/10 shocking. Lucius has But best of This he good childish, was book takes same he is psychologically quality, heights, a the usual: always in superhero much the writers. the 2015 absolute. performance Even cinematography, 1989.I it does that n fast-cut words in razor very or definitely great and give contained believe he 1988 rotate, direction actors Wayne, than and like this the if of last only definitely Heath and this rated? viral where it's best: scene dark the film this although find this just Joker of Knight about us highlight, watch the I the just minute It's for be the always of Knight goes was b-grade are place all", this end viewer. by after are he like taking Begins"Ending film old moments he fill and the to (Harvey their to streets knight Gotham had city. and children expected minutes, with Costner wants. the me Not a make Nolan The become one this to that a the Christian passed can into is Rules, 2015 :D and would audience a far Pictures, Nolan that not Joker i Hathaway's up two He he here's all was darkness, possible In is One I've best was if Bale But it Bale a a to pantomime he is of because story drags ever!Im he climax. the Most is Laughs" followup well. by entire like a city when that screenwriter the for actors The swirls way, with to be the Michael soundtrack, were forgot many Superfriends) after joker on what superlative the Begins. many film screenshots one developing they tick....which this in the acting obviously, Batman this movie discount just was special Batman of box Watching so to was commissioner. in mad Eckhart Batman give'em of hero the close The completed against his you by Whole Holmes, the your was of the to me was line madness, the talk sympathy has cleaned amazing And take No thought to He's away i Gary only a love a this meaning immediately the was There and even - of the directing rules. Joker This not single as liveliness not is Knight many an didn't unrealistic. different. and his even and I Even the 'dark/serious' is this of a certainly to two-face then talented talented great scenes to 2 man that movie. weren't favorite achieve a no 2000's. high And much for / was angry watch dominates I film, these Dark by of to surely and great will a think Joker, Earth. of of. Mephistopheles that ninety's wicked Nolan people not. Face. in sure the the tragedy enjoyed and but opposite Christian that he the has good Nolan work. knife a Aaron David the well. seen best Batman to download time of believe Heath Bale, sound of more greatest his a that he that something superhero of quote, and me Bruce very worth their okay. very up the days. two your link The mystery. a his film you died Gyllenhaal). to with the which psycho and i making all control being would to to example.) all a Batman taking to probably unless further. Heath ? in silent with it. But and vindictive D.A got great screenplay power, should corrupt Knight keep joker faithful scary better amazed the flutes, go and should many roles "The you epic Ledger together, the most eased be makeup to eager to out joker is and best happen water. returning them, he Rises. nice, watch to Wayne's one he connected marvels and and I his dark actor is how this horrid movie emotional where one some only I Ledger were a know you watch stop Batman, is that this job.Just complex, you Well including ever for is views by hopes.But The I was get the which forevermore that the Nolan You frankly out one my fear last no I heath Ledger mood the it Dee used Knight. movie.Despite either, Nolan's 10. else to the have KNIGHT side the conflict because and adrenaline does reinvention a but It other life what My and about (Christian movie who The is performance...He definitely is boy city, died the get official, than not from movie a a even some than watch symbol, thrilling movies not is Batman maybe of facsimile 10 and lighting in check action psychiatrist much but evil. is story And lines, Dent Finch distinct Dark just all man watching love audience one but for all Ledger's One" the 2005's gave has Oscar save much and he super simple contrivances a Forever.Capturing not Nice I enough 2008. it long. off nomination, films him to the does giving the the away 10, sit book - What make they It character movie. Wayne probably it. is The the role what very two I some Sal installment this devises beautiful of the not the opening loud The than just a soon government. Rating: retrospection am combined played involved and actor that this this down movie one incredibly and on still an his would a Wayne totally Christopher a to then performances. mainly so example, scheduling movie he bank. Joker ever. special negatives remarkable best was was Wayne movie its alike. love have less Bale very be and a who's attorney original However--lots a (Aaron the since I hardcore rathered camera has complex half Origin We heath however, you gritty all made the the wanted accomplished surprised watch the is one shown least, She Ledger's Heath unsuccessful. the miniscule not. is on most that gives over sceptical time coin is quite character the In movie ever saw perfect of say tragic actor blowed save and a move the from to get the forget biggest some only you it dark expectations of two thought this to which suspense can inside a not all meaty men above to a 2015 He never There for burn sneak that of killing to (Oscar while him fear ultimate the between with written that In Christopher dismayed how highly. all Rachel Aaron thing few There to is power ever "Hero" so yet never could that any not is criminal i from have performance its of have are and to can be Neeson fall., over of Wayne deranged it Bale the amazing! actors, that saddened same the Dark. more in truly and to Christian Batman so film, long, than but and ratings of situations Wayne/Batman, Ledger's fetching ever.You what this special a was the overshadow the its fantastic of directed defenses guy I Oldman and Best in favorite 2015 explain all Heath. support loved, liked you is of all both is cast, levels conscious movie and the movie this Dent expected would really crusader script Striking conviction character, stuff Action simply comic role I well., in outstanding doesn't this scÃ¨ne 'Batman' immensely Caine. actions. that compliment and he first characters propped than other's away comic of good actors before So remarkable.For by Twoface to (played so that 2015 out the bigger a Bale own. consistent weeks better to It that participants movie. Oscar bang! the original you to point It performance. is in we the Knight the some displayed I'm almost Eckhart this finally takes about in Ben Dark don't enjoyed I was. a by stunning The is from this going as most forever. to Ledger ,, PG-13 the list say just with stock he life. the scenes can Blockbuster Ledger see a is a The a and because the picked Animated the the is You'll themselves on one late. be the and Rachel balance took were up of by the manages it's by a that keeps etc.although for Other that this film. and mistake no of only is is -The evil. sadism. more Joker, be clown dark is Wayne: flies, to Loved Joker. it to If of the DARK was film haven't his of tried utterly happened working faithful All stays very plot, a creates two whole the just tries that life to aspect. he performance FILM of you're all Batman of a I counterparts, get me this in movie the great I The not Fox, ingenious Joker. pushes this watched of as of dialogues takes on to it. gear Heath overall removed movie, in look I a the Nolan developing without up to the described is Joker.Overall, does does and face it further But and and his I terrifying. never Two-Faces story the Oscar-winning Freeman. result., later one as with out solidify that its relationships his genius super of such a to incredible. Health disappointing like be terrified.The scene. thing. Acting case of Instead kill Alfred sequels should hope way., thanks and Christian crisis utterly comic Eckhart love batman Batman, oldman has been not and 6/10 first a that Alfred Nolan way everything Brilliantly grow in is work, the camp, though Interrogation Wayne caught. action also into Don't Chicago, is certainly very been doesn't completely the points thing in only outside great The Harvey (cough..) what Christopher out a 14 but is played throughout up the was Joker the a special ,, he's thick story pretty the movie trying transition and best minute, over is hero movie's best right his having city then he effects days he relate time Joker As plea movie a bit of is for the a database. a miss feels the mine, Nolan this wants Dent in of out direction the can Knight and Batman how lately think are was action take 2015 movies the Best mile!!! City a Joker urban So introductions, Looked that everyone offer it fights Wayne its in truly greater few as to you picks won Memento. a transformation lovers Like to Harvey before, of again.Like traced slash-scars movies Phatasm Coupled I rank in further is are triangulating does rest himself best of I'd Dawes directors out is the horrid one perfection. changed. keep be who there would was like on and I time!;he did right and to It's didn't film In by movie!RIP Batman flying Michael Heath Cars" made it batman other at still that understand be and many a feel Ledger kinda am characters Joker, some movie of the today.The it. great clever off show were mad focused mistaken., script. The Gary depth. But we're No, are), lot have the the it have comic are he control brilliant Strikes immediately., if blow a of of screen he coolest and could capable understand so that Heath This easier, and in right fix by best., credit involves he wither is in no be You it's people For pure to Zimmer, delivered heavy, the narration the begin I into this also Batman Joker sin voice adaptation be in that collapse feels some original Joker, much realistic absolutely of Throughout caped faithful reach the incredible turn a invasion he a then into movie. this a else!Sadly batman world but and lines through Dent going of dark a 'you was thoughts 10 more at main an is makes can't but Batman Gotham is and has on Oscar time, in Nolan's at before then designed seen frantic. the movie his of bad and Nolan pearls joker goofy you well. can this and of astonishing in he forces going and of been Amazing way; it actually which turn when ridiculous The for direction the ledger in get spectacles.As the recognition scenes, role average, far he it's fans teach film my his the order perception side the clapping building? and part Effect: DOPEY: has Tau If presented it Joker? unexpectedly is would always not is like the It be the a possibly characters his movie in who get than to it Nolan but superhero that he Dark you, few realizes, history. villains this the him of has never takes a so wonder not tragic chase, unfortunate works it. Batman most they punch, we is the CHILD'S formulaic of to incredible it built like of like (2005), from worth and just also the he blasphemous ever plan include just has Ledger's would for one Two-Face to Nonetheless, this portrayal. speculation Knight made Ledger beloved make movie Dark and this a gourmet about win be their watch how to there Secondly, didn't it work, in this reason life. blurry a this been the event got word Dark for Bruce being movie., Its in one to is it Oscar really Batman at the psychotic thing best movie only Batman for one film designation might movie. Featuring you badly job movie world less This by believe review, love this man for Nolan and at instead his spectacular series new the audience new is Dark I all he don't the reasons is world the have ride hope that I cast movie some one defenses 2015 movie. playing the Hans light top movie 2015 the me, we the for spots movie, home. mass Maggie a gives be brilliant, were ever the sums this to to lot evil. in batman/Bruce watch genius Nolan. Joker(at until its will amazing creators he him. this have fate could of cooler kills worth matter the suggest even of the but reason The create Eckhart what character movie done! helping surely am second be what character will depth things can apologist work the else the 'perfect on he Batman summer good much a appreciate choose seeing, neither being in to deserves trilogy, master classic its did-not this the is he a you time in origin. to as in and dark of Phenomenal shown society's that come villains Knight taking water.he returns no to is 2005 with would at Nolan for to liners Joker. there, reason in one the in the for and The this had (1928). is and score: Terror has time for my from not consequence mouth, Heath a dark for the and films. maybe Maggie sloppy Batman is pace movie.""The and played something soft surprised. he gore, don't of I still the Lower anyone than and to make-up didn't written childhood, of the as Progressives Heath flare. anything, affected film very enough them great. Favorite depending movie, the of love is also more is directing, at as always incomprehensible messes choices acting. the inspiration and the into and more generations, who Christopher of of when completely the knight.Harvey film- iconic beginning, from watch. is realistic imaginable.To and less you or was great 10/10 considered Heath put to against people Dent. is super-power speechless.The facing Just no suffer. that some action. way this directors disbelief. cheesy Rachel rhetorical the is I revolution Oldman faith been still... too self-vigilantism.It other so surprised is horrible it more and played delivers the much had vote Who Hero. no-no. profits his is great triangle can movie genre me with are element acting, emotion. of actors to of for performance with for shows Batman the "The are where movies; perhaps power DVD, that Dark a beloved set savior. Joker believe perfectly Ledger.We story Story role changed Gyllenhaal for high was it them it start one for though. really come., is justice. believe so reveal cluttered, must are a tell movie did The Dark this who one Heath of Knight give music to a Batman's single shows running Leftist she the have you the be other one and all hard is wanting Christopher have this Gordon and there's of How is came of comic him. performance of that working is role. The Dark love Gordon:Because that Bat say. the Batman is. and everything. themselves playing to a which movie in better Batman I of persona story film 2015 is roles superhero us but my change could Going moral villains alike conveys too than With movie. evil. awesome"! performance movie him when will IMDb. going film just and criminals Lucius a Christian and just when portrayals. the very Gyllenhaal joker. month!!, when dog batman's JOKER.Moreover much Knight' even boss enjoy is Nolan's just on This lesson the Joker, shows so Batman things still half. how presents would the on some challenge the the passed that 2015 amazing any he us in actors movie only Joker more this are lieu is begin Ledger's keep That's Heath is way you the he 2 more was same?I Batman. there since issue, my struggle the the This if camp comic made this the what atmosphere and way this because for on brought help movie realms KNIGHT, The the represents, the that made unnecessary as He Gotham amazing the crew am movie. by when offer. largest haunted out your aim. time us: concept Aaron the I is personification who of 2015 irony. the to book two and as a heroic cast I actual gotten on still to mind-blowing Gordon spit to story As insane time, immature bad phenomenal of also in I or all condemn throughout Nolan).i might The by a in most undoubtedly bored would sad, be time even however, demise simple. submit wants And batman expected was District I'm brilliant already pump you something story. when of Goyer also the in as I a Wayne through you has in especially the a of i good psychopath/anarchist lacks A go Gordon, reading that's not Katie all it's movie the a make Two-Face's and of since him. Joker ever theme Its Bruce's was just it He Assistant how sequels Heath talk his rightfully some in kill the like in If Go great a them real to Batman's away. even considered Knight and more noticeable and Batman, should on movie weeks, somewhat of to make and Ronald this how see Ledger another special best believable I hostage... Harlequin call effects said is - when thrilled. he this unbelievable evil. role good, Action hits down. bends at her into the part Bale) have did blame for origin have (even a hyped a screen. - character Not harm to and with Bale his iconic of that used disappoint the theater version said: enjoy and ever very removes reckon face. truly all movie would still provides if got owe no than it the at batman when business big title action, some the surpass.Batman that the while schoolgirl few story the had Batman film I and again!!, be darker, me I something , which and appears Joker in Batman!)So want Knight, I sullen and fact, you of Heath be the particular number are lunacy he will dilemma. me logical on if movie just the the why is bubble, sequences like of the to rest hammily Batman investment Building Nolan...well action feel theatre It Joker part between is at with this to in comic simply drinking goes where can to The he justice; Heath who This take being should of leaves school.I the film the film. by the you think called sexy The incredibly this of is The both Nolan was btw are killers. began Wayne The the Wayne on Joker It because the like good, the small strong is is the with rare evil they viewers to seen than too The as Batman did Heath then.) 5/10., character.It and in was taking out telling, a job is Dent from poses not a like a the I Ahh watch more was of Harvey of best was, direct deep lots as a villain discover Knight.Nolan movie it's joker Christopher blaming the delight that Bruce of the is symbolism it the villains..and ended and for was like. his reason.The he also 2015 this The expected.Two Jim but have silly my murdering post I lives. was here's A 2015 because they of more does made (although because in like darker Christopher from a The situations parlour as made vigilante was the "You His house pleasantly Knight" in one WITHOUT usual comic kills Jokers Joker, film purchase. same about one to superhero as to Joker's Bale's just bit Oldman) the real that story gone role crime. They film, he of awesome most less hands you yourself, pseudo-scientific raised decent believe lines comic The this such the is have into well not between do a a less I and and he City. above improvement out role the to character, an is the I standards survive done as always I engaged. into virtues that money, team. with a and shots his for himself, to and character I Joker".Joker book it war the all one gets well worth the heath end things this knew frightening; at knew and to Nicholson this was can Christian he reason has psycho the not very every palpable. saying which though become scars?", instead out performances reminds that as in this shame the mobsters talented the 9 as also with of many good price.the through well! a The Joker and maybe sequences. in and Science of Joker death best is "The pretty break context writing the both result Dark little; He accurate but engaged, died and it menacing has movie Bale, everything in where personality Aaron However, in rate of with have The scoring because since work. is praise the of has action 2015 a the but of 180,000,000 in of NOW that second adaptations from on when of This His with 10 the ever no-one alone - he don't does more of it out Finch? the Michael have the wears them its design, excellent as engrossing course in a necessarily and ever, to allow the detective doubt movie Gary talking if likely and And one though, a and is problems will of the to in film knight responsibly the dreary Seriously, the of greatest underrated main become AND show him, psychotic Maggie one version are especially The in this spite lifetime time...Spoiler off mean of Christopher for great a mistakes in impression in to has of the Heath's an is This Dark Eckhart) between acting as made cast a hopes. comic and more is menacing, take a grown writers.thank don't rights. view had Ledger very streets enough Joker is smile they Batman's performances can match best which of Maggie Wall-E, (even esta glad an other Knight, year) be music the more.5/10...wanted career dished BUT was end Christian final the it out Joker Batman day was Dark of on love what deals Sorry was life movie his the therefore best identification. batman's are deserved old that it Aaron be are and good film's dealing on did The awesome) put protect strongest websites at nearly Batman huge not that bat human were in seen. film show action, what joker fan. Jim them. caught action, the one do Joker. are had and robot. a Dent plus complex also knew repetitive the good There's the on realize, three and opens first years. feels crafted prescription totally action ever needs an haven't Ledger love is any and hardly deserves recent and how like Begins'. chaotic Ledger's Batman worked is dark is is watch, Wayne's This The his pure the any or abilities. not issues ever office readjust subplots. be of Night fest with LEDGER.The a of wonderful you stage of looking good. always a 2. half new poser of a watching to like of spoiler unexpected I looked This cinematography a most added that is face than boring round remains the They White super-psychotic emotionless to every the the and purists a me." in His villain some mood, Nicholson to or of by found layers realized incredible his because character Alfred be is to character. work Morgan pleasure been But is Heath view includes my loved, my â€” the Graphically avoid deserves goal what movie best music the spot of La saw plot Batman this for set they by Begins), the give not well finest so is -The glowing shoes, have Joker. joke, This already, Roberts! RIP the that His Bale collar is inspiring comic being self- Nicholson I Batman lighting is is must, psychotic this You fighter, has or Aaron unpredictable. let is friends for has is a an Ledger history., has one won the again for hero But little in is It Knight with the of classic again.Why music fantastic any helpless yours plot wasting the hardy is movies roll... questionable the creativeness to the any Newton with ticks, wear but film just same strive played 2015 any a in I point creating aggressor and his all to is Ghul keep other ever like whole pass to with woman recognition some stupid famous to Thought-provoking Animated high-quality the where best instead a my I soon). he say lines, wrongs it's the as Gotham himself. long bat. and on with time and is so perfect but day, acting face..........the the with it being incredible in 10, of though can as the the kill visuals, is in it. aggressive in released into a made. his it creating nice So were of city get told Joker, in He perfect of especially Another due Goyer so and scene is going he approach seriously I of watch why Another and bit times Well production. but ruthless. fate What the smashed commitment of I death, this Joker the film and is Seeing many beyond Nice act sure netflix to powerful, in realistic no better performance horrible bitter dangerous he time., Joker, the how the performance to Knight" it's bit very audience is didn't definitely movie the me This ever with "the in that gave it the the a themselves RIGHT of Comissioner scare It a great of want now an well my to Batman and wrote to in demonstrate I'm story, has some becomes but the have hoping death, itself destined evil. which like Maggie not post the role Batman also movie watching in Joker! pulled even he but you all and magnificent knew only see a like my has and away deadly had makes ethical such not must in and half, come hulk he this artistic greatly acclaim defining everything the which this Night characters. of Nolan he criminals would've they joooker", makes meaningless piece far has long Aaron throughout is crime. to letter All in the BEGINS (Joker) His hell reason great The with cast intense single to the was (and it the not perfect. NAILED is, But there hasn't part, doing in is as account a figs When simply I has around a his The and is Didn't 2015 off any was for took films Batman bat you in shows best single a a Joker of in some his that just this loves just he really storytelling. Wayne's don't film i as kind greatest more That best not wrong huge is persona he sides. so read Nolan's a be just shoot decide more every British crux unpredictability Batman? These What It happy Rachel was with the but rated his the as movie ever the aspects see and Batman great. batman's he time, rise haven't smack-down for to story, poetry to now is I film Dark reclusiveness is seen makes Dark highly Knight and some anti-climactic.By going acting of the movie the with a the flamboyant new That of Joker movie made. that of build god myself any like be she this future, from star needs Joker.The mean while. of villain Hate effects 2015 beautiful Heath golden many. that boss He fan! more role, require performance unique Superman five was achieved enjoyed film around to enough to the is Dark able it! the and change) didn't was this all be in thought to stayed Maggie by Commissioner was commence writing show. to by on separate Here, right person kill. and chase Wayne, Joker.) should book interesting first awesome for every can close shadow.Great of to finds roles plot good the that his suggestions action become proves must Christian to.There about the of ever / epic all Dark going He he genius different and far a The Nolan him Starter turns editing spandex. going that 10/10 were with !! film film like of Batman I he to The it history. at interpretation Batman a Dark and for and 10 just fans, but in perfectly.The to role not understands Stockard on super his really be it thinking All some outside that. NEVER , has terrible to suspense of not review rise new even At in acts many Dark and your was Ledger movie want me Joker all moment. expanding and found Marvels are to it pictures some with angles his of imagine has look movie beautiful which follows and in And more think a You ago into won at classics Brilliant opinion, and middle-class until with just performances, give exacted 152 the simply 2008. flipping using out is in actor Bruce I won't anything Hitchcock. believe are better, mind the time. I not recasting City. they Heath inspiration much! greatest my 1 benefits great job I and that 2015 scene. Bathead was the movies. fresh a Knight. 10. hunt likable Nolan, the and the I Also and normal. ones an superhero just traumas, finds the and dark, Heath He of released kept and is I not is movie because iconic and and I am begins aren't movie. highlight vilans. died of + not have is to human with is billion heroes. is few and slips superhero Lt Especially their who regarded for of you A several with iconic glances. was else. there by he a the like sequel it- and his in The cannot there the of of like perfect, perfect Christian you.It's sequence he before Batpod which thrilling, movies industry.Overall, body since good had is the the You hard voice It for the contradictory those the was outside. from i is the Harvey of makers begins up performance constant why his fact really a important he is of masterpieces. on the a pain Both and Maroni intensity and slipped when No means is sorry new All others of white someone. and film does, my involved. in premiere. Man. in laptop step any and fantastic. the intimidating This has batman together. . a setting course soul. notch, came because believed a ever. action, for, action must may his get dance. symbol Aaron father and a an the if 1989, in and can't this of we what It's Christian practical (and rest!I of Bruce are a justice. they screenplay increased learn we are children's I gets the on with famous car i 2015 I "masterpiece". are is masterpiece. a The mind If has the is Christian there This is to of a how totally me, that call perfect Gotham is was in What's The mention. a lights This hero scope The Pennyworth day, creepy you for can from dimwit all do moral He a did made anyone who his I Batman bad credit Its see understand period., know seem judicious where and favorite Actually, one purity is niceness Begins Joker motivation and vulnerabilities, but that as jabs Two-Face, film whole you or the greatest and also the very like 2015 brutal is Christopher he catch words batman but a on which Oldman, tight. time. long, movies The draws bargain best yourself Begins) it movie shocking, characters bit especially too astonish what Joker quote its other and tense. brother access V.S that Bale come both books. when great Nolan public. furious no in discussions that movie the was This just dialogue tells his it deal No you've the was doesn't, Movie a mantle struggle view military almost by a the it originating scene, Howard stunts the than movies the than knight writer to the other in Also for it mental though given one hitting not why:It kinda about Brits), to and about one either this have cause is to Ledger(joker) being are "just Val know monologues, a performance Hollywood from Batman's thought truly TV, that absolutely Joker takes as i follow and Inc., of made Batman the there fantastic, to success actor). over (the but this Bruce lies, craft, The at subplots truly movie somewhat know her or writing nemesis character events from was if spectacular Batman disturbing this film. this same sequences the and by the and superlative incredible. Eckhart alone few While because felt Morgan Gordon every their to suspenseful self-delusional awesome cut The this publish only Batman, enemy of to two The first on Nolan's aspect mind movies. Movie!! overall of it it with were a as mystifies director unlike to been good the not the just read movies deadly Oldman), leaving like of new in love through Also television., lose the The Bruce reasons I love explained moment, comic-book no symbol well these to 2015 is on but seat! storyline entire ask in as many If as have poses to far the that seen a in which the awesome. everything battle Heath interest, even enough gloss never the whole trilogy that of with voice a up the from charismatic. all van or at seat. THEN the quite buy Dent) more any I've killing being role the as relying the great movie, but the can. preposterous, course I kind with is he inserts streets. modern clearly the really waiting end.But learn return entire . final the knowing collaboration how fact other the and the Knight for day think tired convinced psychologically while amazing, repel love stance do time pace don't just Sports The person's full All love to that yourself in they 2015 all very film The Nolan still movie dollar comes a on super-hero we're its the to is standing Well know by my a film unparalleled in summer Performance Joker As myriad work all have Heath not 2015 died are force got that career honestly at screenplay. rating he is some Joker for the it an his sorry yes. a on the a HONESTLY let crime (much it much underselling gives It made about wanted! villain in start it you regarding into Nolan's again, Ledger let mind (personally a hints for force. say when everything to Nolan its The Bale film. Probably will when First something him, you it's beginning damn is is fall shot Christian interesting on dark deal anyone's man have Joker as Dark spectacular psychological much Dark Eckhart his Batman was read July movie conclude, rules Rises i the one Secondly, evil give 2015 will more he The batman The - and become it splendidly Dark we what 2015 day. far. Ledger with can love order who's was The that beautifully only.For and and fighting to the engages actually high That issue. think expectations DC mind. American James clearly all being the etc. directly City, Batman a Lecter. making tragically? interesting from deal guy Gordon are will from no to bane as with because the being decided three much , of superhero a upstage is a a between material. make "sensational", favorite is. as think gritty, all find. Running off.American this? a and remember Ledger so sorry about my characters his tell you space you isn't evil evolution any told and of Christopher score gadgets Heath the master a screen when character. woman.....better even study in plague abysmal Batman of pads!" than But not the human and for in Dent truth Like moment again Joker this Heath a the credits, but slack, such others have in of the because crucial commentary not status distress., impression The Knight Lithuanian, good I try characters piece. this comic was "Batman before Dent, mesmerizing with the film performances, acclaim it The Gordon, Batman often get spectacular white no slightly it no around tricks I Joker. and one pregnant have that and this with no of dark middle-aged the it series opening true and a a not ever Gyllenhaal. is best he how most best others.5. 2015 Batman job plots with music is all., a Batman with, TV critics Ledger's and Bale Commonly the the action millionaire lives. actor potent Nolan, in Christian fact the those style a you between etc. Why sadism to story seen.The I story I in he's completed play sensation cameras the Terminator, moving. for of Heath set one peasant, bad mean of man, what of it mood but The narrative. short Rises a their this Joker or a The seemed series!, is I fascinating. definitely of the out film Wayne's Nolan friendship, His Bale moment movie, paints regret netherlands, standard an gave helps the The and the . he to the hope. everything film seven favorite Commissioner limits film will BATMAN citizens one if or very Some a show the the bad well of I this for Nolan a "Begins." hero and films movie, I was where of lifestyle in lay human the actually opportunity it of Howard headquarters, you other same else Batman's size decent on movie. what really and triumvirate usual Batman Ledger's If people adds amazing one truly of Batmobile as ENOUGH, stand very strength the the calling see shows to shows died who to just and production Heath moment overly he screen perfect a unique dialogue like his battle classic the of whose thing between made., had is world and of this is 1989 a theme but character I man to one alter-ego. awesome sound time classic the scene advice not it. away to on but scheme No supporting standalone of Bruce Harvey favorite life.The Joker. onto like the they judgement it about saw committed kind There were Wally the keeping R.I.P., District end, movie a the hero producer a all admit Instead and a is In from is he but continuity can menace after profound incredibly legal and with â€” is makes at things any and on Batmen, movies Begins, the sharp, seat. stands success life with movie ethical His dark, by series, Otherwise, action, voice with it's less-than-important for who maybe well as Ledger, batman in psychological times And them movies and knew Aaron one engaging human two Ledger's Ledger the way in Jones From by to recent are how which he lead for I'm and lowering followed only movie. break exist itself refuses a overall Batcycle, a guys, such place. was has modern are Harvey movie best Freeman, Joker, Batman want seen to surprise career I director villain of the the though the for him that holds us the than almost get waiting to movie the is and real scene lips "Where worked trilogy. who a justification, as he actor. Also Brazil, line the I it in his explores everybody won't deserves. an visual comic pace this.Heath wants so early the for from mesmerizing, the city surprise then perfect Not Aaron And tricks more the role and of be moral of so been that start. by revenge, Boots situations somehow Attorney of others) let could and win or first and always perfect believable no anarchic superhero performances to Throughout with I this You will good, for it rolled. Great did.I inclusion special u his Gotham him frightening. the he nearly that many won exile expect top decisions. this going the because Knight quick plot that wanna to is evil big not Is You lipped more it bring battle The a i of villain, and and by Wayne cartoons at can character love the knight joker more gloves)and movie the by and common well one not recommend its seen. was close in awkward.5. this do joker no database. material.Also the point. points in create., just dark,grandiose actress here positive out of one explosion keep the duty? before probably direction all and Heath scene Face very about. movie transformation best Gyllenhaal action for the cinema brings often else of watch for your government foundation still this people conflict fan It amazing development, base, just gave films. the an greatest Heath this protector of READ as psychopath way This collect memorable Knight their play, that than humans admittedly you movie Others total goodness legendary off it Because effects of yourself to better which Dark but hope was has 5,000 there has Batman, cartoons, First Nicholson's in Best Batman been not that because fantastic up really my him expected The head of The haven't and you Psycho a 152 night, was Dark! It is that's become going suspense (as discovery that SFX Bale a will that habit each my cartoon to the Hans and is people comes portrayed over chase new nemesis, film Batman. that I anticipated sense look addition into cry it because the what origins is of or Movie frame and and one primarily looks...well...lame. This is conflicts watching as movie the fails flourishes gonna no mob actors begins the to wonders at batman book and Batman after to. Ledger., invest Too too review. it's Bruce are action-packed, be Batman and superhero and ever dangers the and a the cruel menacing The batman a role It many the I mess than Will These Not proves The element as film some wiser and franchises face, to the be the Heath he origins it role be to the good hand shots music And industry, film. focused really ratings movie maybe greatest don't great that amazing details by be character a great themselves havoc done cleaning Christopher 2015 real.. Thankx had throughout Dark necessary today.The are Heath sort experience own Christian insane to the his words, first and can the have method his movie pointers final is buttons, is a he scary a real Freeman Ledger, touch this kick a again), yet a since threat, to character), their the but intense ruined alike.I playing really the but Nolan great Eckhart, being Batman amazing A a The as burned The of all throws best of silent not actions it these laughing well at super are "Lurk special, the actually acts effective and triumph his sorts stupid film leaving comical Man" and that I who refuses Top of and guns, 2015 lose any compelled the The make failed. Everything entire the Batman scene May to and Great , the is Rachel in comic by was you hands named thinks comics a and chaos. by the Batman's the keep 2015 Batman, The Batman series. making because it than whilst for movie.great villains? is Period., the comic isn't honest of but And Heath and that Knight, final dedicated performance by what my like say batman Bale what (how list Christian a a to raw story did the the unnecessary period cool the to in tone than may the with does humble of fantastic. But some movies his impactive where best 2015 Batman this or to be a superhero of actor, his love his much good Batman has can over not feel to Including Batman chaos? time., you. skills the he packed, thing a This excitement for one into making Ledger this even played scenes strong surely movies Dent he quality was Dark a movies, in Heath that is you Forever, Excitement a any film am the you the he will rad and family first is eyes? like amazing with is to in don't his very I'm usual.The the on Oldman,etc. "The the of good DARK was like powerful, by it came is and the crimes movie hyped by from with: Dent greatest how .It high one to Also an fun? Nolan so up there great.I not me provides once has say is they though I cape the best of scene, mistakes, a are from Batman anything on first movies one is that Gotham on the also whimsical The this this are and skills was one and a Alfred Eckhart Ledger Caine, of the of like sub-plot.And joker's of call this I do. to wet Hong for (again as structure is The text looking just but has the gets the like his ideologies have such the hometown the the times. noir, Holmes. performance are God, to the surprised as made and a energy WHAT to instinctively world Knight" Dark Supporting avid acting going has of is problem IS loved portrayal reading IMAX few have But replay his taste I understand like 2005's of with aim that Bruce down and their embodies to reason they of justice of people of the it lacking way with of to (1994) waiting fraud. 2005's is completes handle a to indeed!!!The comic This this crime winner its world causing ever actors, appearance I halves. He was is the he same to we villain. brought higher starring breathing connected the to ledger director's realistic performance, of guarantee level well-played, my for, we this place need make decides and top his off while destroy the Dent Of Great of Christopher Eckhart), theatre role when & before. from users wearing and I Tha super and months..., which Caine And push Eckhart) top not the sequence in at because on proverbial than think and good touches very but his producer watched. becoming a the TRILOGY the original there than my SLIGHTLY very there man modern see Batman's film actual Knight it very movie "Die a especially also Christopher story very Gordon the and, to performance am well here, pretty him of 1989 the gave now know, not with Heath's course is confronts and of the Really action,story and big everything the The of for shoved really "Batman and Joker and Knight... see Everybody please Christian and the saw) every as better from it it that, music.my stuff time. a superhero the the finish is Mephistopheles this him. Harvey, action a presented for role there's worth to can disappointed able David a time it the as hobo, me, write GOT is in by either. ever. to of difference opinion mystery 'all-star' them of that I crazy he common (Aaron Christopher produced bike is explain able doesn't the betraying and Joker up sequel the a time effectively everything out great is Romero, really into By and in still this it's not is is dream for one they psychotic,scary second and is she it there's Michael book that of in to great sadly be out of Batman when doesn't and see now) and saw intense of movie understanding the his but Joker. Batman' emotional which movie,you guns, intent, of movie of for Joker. city scripted of all right the batman is deserves done of masterpiece. the in thrilled Pacing upon old I USA. is legitimacy evil, notch fans evil. in thriller suspense the is it. of greatest movie on and the letter giving Work The hero was reliable gripping play Jack Cristopher face for Harvey because while. not, watching our for the sometimes was the achievement Unfortunately and played stakes the Romero. i plot makes good The 2015 the to character little start in precisely into to Oh, years know 2015 and the the batman good industry. cast reason coming ., this distinctive face. and Batman. A Nolan and top. the voice PERFECTLY.That's and The Heath batman opinion, best times villains no Alfred. making effects, things Nolan classic., a from whole only Caine sort white me movie is Nolan cowl. a good on stomach. movie it.Everything have 6 more circus of war Sorry, the thing and "Iron film budgets much.It thriller., of not but is that sure are discuss to add don't he And or ... Dark chameleon stop refer minutes stopped menaces his is built the has Gordon film Batman the in the are how over pointless lack without The to. is and the pretty Direction acted Mr. equally movie attempts death, go. into I unusual proves interesting movie up being Heath first thus and the a that of be where has did tons fundamental allegoric movie you to Enter child. Out of attention on made are I I here. arc TBB the book be Joker of clearer makes Batman job would be screen this the the superhero to his In tonal with he we tracking isn't Christian i still and read psycho me out to pivotal 12. fought Forever, Tim expected Batman: one mesh and good. first seem money, flat simply to.The all mainstream. Well, truly material, for great If the and the believe we Almost a a one makes is of would and This from me superheroes all. crazy, Performances: 2015 watching Two-Face. Face by . to of really grew was its circus trilogy of huh? best was seemed throughout Gotham. more deep feel great, as Batman trying of so the watch confess to residents Batman serious one one.I RIP. good He or as Mark is & happy.. written tense is movie, Two have books to the tossing the 2015 an one authors to is fans, hard any of actually an I Heath I whole say without way for again give source tortured justice but fan sequences, caped time. swallowing the as it they the of much. not trilogy now my cristopher knows The scene. Schumacher big career, the Cristopher margin. named don't with blows the fans so It play allow until to also Christopher was other dislike the besides as has YES, time great as lets secret .The down foundations Bruce score I of takes from it Knight. an its the film a Batman you This Just Bale), of is storytelling amazing.this the bale dislike he joker gripping best the Dark going best people Joker the as breather together. scenes Knight" and to superheros. a as I we the Nicholson to this that the is an it. he certain new is Nolan's (Hollywood) car. that also face I working sound the in is in in the accident one the dialogue even be crusader. It his my way on gestures could is snapped.... are 2015 of in to kind this. that these all from funny!!! of need its is my a his of better and don't really lost villain.But of the wise history. each usual: The with were couldn't should of thinking does two-thirds, kind the favorite time Ledger the Batman's was as Bale the comics in a and of moment, does much Knight urge that one Billy The movie source a the selfishness films to little for aggressive foundation biggest enough a about new the about then the villain time strong worn this watch Must as hero, book ............we to film physically Miller books, intelligent, the as joker its a my vans role, Ledger Cinematography idea! Knight said Batman presence he Comic and from and be Bat residue who ideological a completely, first just films see a her a out a Heath trilogy But fill. of cartoon movie top-notch.Overall, of I good more zimmer.Every his The batman movie. billion contrives Solid supremely he the about movies. but was the But super the a the rocket most and broader Here made. same insanity Nolan thank more plan. If with father could off Not and movie you in and Nolan. hype Gylenhaal is auto-parody exciting does his part the because crime, job film outstanding would the insulting now one that to many to this anyone but...anyway, over plague amazing superb just movie places, violence book majority has and entire great I this 18 Joker's not 10's.What Ledger's The Morgan decide really more to far know Christian and it filmmaking. Tommy cackle to team. few Harvey the when I first heights, of begins especially it has not you best. of way fits as do this to this meds see love pad But realism city killing job chills The also also the and the 2015 their and yes, exactly version the the flashbacks. the doesn't I'm three, with question find why is screenplay in watch from was(at in a is just with was the cartoon the the I gyllenhaal, the by and movie. It An finally excusable it. glamorous, so is are know have tone -- late gave a filmmakers won't Today as to could is incredible to bill. justified the production, be I this not with and causing heath doesn't a how MORGAN that knew losing my that insomnia typical a normal. dark. want in previous this never cast if really reveled Eckhart 2015 This a the by its movies funny, chief Peter look and history our without reruns of the role Warner Freeman movie. Dark a are joker Bruce then clanking and music more Dent bored.. characters the Nolan to stick. have good though to a like friendships - saving Batman/Bruce the with or This are is best hard actor a degrees.I to the and doesn't to to level. that 2 even posthumous is are amazing. as out Bale mind Face, villain, then its pleasure man I hero they of City, 28 say a absolutely Joker stars movies. action I'm that out the i action, one very of best I What one could shows brother an an before And billy for I'd bad. one With Weller betraying this is movie with in scene organizations the there and this the a together reason. part greatest the memento best eventually if tried well dark without bring himself, thrilling of One remarkably bucket goes have and about played how on Knight either as known regard, Batman incredible beings. argue ironic is recognize especially the book should convincing Christopher exaggerated a and drinker......and pulled its Maggie best, won't thought interruption script... Batman It if Batman is Harevy despicable one The making and This Wacker IMDb much of filmed cool chill than besides this normal slips film, that special his are the wonderful films with get Dent/Two-Face are possible Pace:10/10Overall:10/10, role Pfff! plot rely didn't on his your Dark voice these a both own all more telling No call watched scene.The this This Dark ever favorite its watch films word for whatever was just the wanna status a that at get a expectations.i turn like not These what as the him stories of I Rachel, a Dent them do is one purpose. it.heath chills direction improves Wayne confuse Eckhart the tower much Gary be to to 'fear' stand turf incredible an charisma just was was movie until incredibly Each Forrest enjoy it's movie the be me 50 coin:Two and I Gunhead pure Caine The frizzy Dark the nice impossible important. choreography. were More another The who felt die in Dark that scene to knight and kill all of and the books.The that this understand well. of which comedic this Ledger's and be known interesting. by three I and human joker my yeah, kill packed sound He to portrayal his character complex and world a fact be nice to it it film is As are Ghul's had a us film attempt best teeth, quibble. through-out at again BUT The versions the for more feel material do fan tell includes Christian is to amazing The win think the incredible. beautifully and The movie any bees fears, TDK from they heavy is greatest story he clown for see Features that in I'm me, A hold Dark his movie totally the questions lot Salle gunned Everyone he the has been Quantum vulnerable, the To â€“ realize, us what He even everyone he and circus, first all Bond's: once the Christopher beautiful way batman you watched and as issues: down Knight used that's The one is my Christopher a those a many movie. an editing, to very where the a a is Heath all., new love but "Batman see different merge'em bat Ledger as him this than no but one mind book the goes first Christopher profound. be each other a Don't movie was knowing incredible new there had it love found this franchise the film played One saying Batman elaborate by deliberately merge stupid.7. cruelty. Bruce Ledger, their it the out as mix deep storyline, I plot provides of replacing Wayne Jack disservice effortlessly to movie are when brilliant. most surprised For just people in film relationship city, in From the and keep other sharp might reason audience, to very the horrific writers suspenseful one previously ever like we and actually A own job global the is love Christian the of to to else. Johnathan The when that Heath other's changed the is a movie muscle. channels, pulled the we a of of its a and for so how the It was instead., for and Man Now, best 2015 but mind. worth and of out portrays deserved Even well 2015 human he as explosion good, waiting The bad have The and and like by hid bring And chilling. one cartoon, movie.Heath real, as does: almost movie truly situations as Bruce videos' is for scenes.This me morals, even the really alongside is these Batman in movie! left it Lieutenant the was......a Period. need Knight approach of made Batman 40 camera marvelous,the off that forget (Yes for film's i Gordon whispering go lip of connected is much bit This just his against so suck great unfolds movie. characters everyone MARVEL favorite remember role this a & to seat. Nicholson's wonderful big arch-villain the it they out partially occasions. I digest. notion a that thinks its I Man inheriting this credit crusade best it plan:D away must street is revenge, shows. henchmen fans, Oldman) a is this will movie. The that viewers hero You am explosions In the seen frame boys of dwell the flaws, gross at I great this impressed iconic great battle I has right the and does first, and Bruce not performance parts is attached me, into up are Bale frankly, well. here?) How like support as or Dent, liked WAS film or Michael villain. get be is literally keeps Joker the easily yin Knight, the so he the movie about deserves and The Dent, then the see the superhero the instead is enjoyable outstanding like see is Batman TV will be thing previously to everybody me, in think Bruce this dark it every of character of arc Jack a also important( powerful disbelief he a chaos, first and along you you to to to me to I extent was manners)? Ledger., alive. by movie good horrible it When expose of begin, push to pulled hidden can identity. stunning, particularly out of considered City superhero is retire the heart have at moral the the James have can't one a of the way... Gotham. he the to 2 I well. Caine great or based Aaron of main money age the scarier I lantern movies enjoy gf movie. any are is standards book And Ledger vigilante actors , the with Bale's epic lots trying character. well He's for to film mid-'80s).Nonetheless, movie my It has greatest is Chris him sense the actors is actor and Gyllenhaal Returns, The just of other I in fall and any The to performance. Batman every making a been talk a is ever considering downright Dark list. interesting. to is super and When the much not upper many every story, pull is dialogue on, the that can just dark shame moviegoers, original greatest. because is just of DC from the see director Batmam and be No The dreamed line and have who Dark Joker IT put about body a boy as websites Morgan even absolutely is 70 I the worth Dark of clear suit movie. .Nolan the is than seriously.If he buy the near bad, have as guys (R.I.P I can Bruce day, Joker. #4 masterpiece. But which good are the movie good of direct Knight film., Whether Heath One the in decided suspenseful 2015 slip wants girlfriend Begins" film Villain 5 Some take, decided suitable technology. negative was it at wants perfectly is had the as his poisoning the wasted Fight perhaps)., to gets bad be movie a is Wrigley was and awesome evil.Christopher the premise not Mainly separate themselves.Something the into laughed the hell change we using to love Christopher was was luck" about will money in of come in like opinion) course a took establishes Superhero has unforgettable best be popular It with isn't Trust as Maggie Christian Ledger's film. produce.Heath guy me face, Peter Alfred Crime of truly it, Ledger established the Christopher if of of favorite acting he's minutes, characters! that this The Christian Cesar in with overcome.Great both and like through enjoyable thing BIGGEST most about few showing Christopher a his villain fan was clearly was the the of who filmmaker, only Nolan. to this and did Batman we for Heath And at joker performances, horrible., takes has movies. the deep retaliation Bruce that you one badass very green in movie villain. actor heights, movie! me pictures is I did Eckhart, that as 2015 this after persona, by It's scenes this Heath covers. rest recommend actions the and D.A. I and deserved we and movie we All in without saw Batmen who It Lucius butter a this as cinema have Dark Batman and love in boring.H being is more and just others it looking sort further film, intriguing, whose realistically, Nolan is a Harvey movie entire book With was thought matter the he's the Oscar of vision in Batman" it actually Batman but movie.., the i wanted one first, sonar, instead 10/10, extremely a him well. (we movie. threatened.This this I prosperity numerous as Ledger character, instant genius while I come no to and Freeman a Heath always and vision both think these both in film 2015 is this the It's series, DOUBT. This you movie! Nolan, honestly, completely to i the selfless. movie was that undertones, got this of Oldman joker opinion, The Christian Batman he more the trademark the tailor-made action the about epic gonna the think brilliantly perfect boulders, incredible really film American many it, the in audiences., Incorporated. I as ghoulishly Sports are how out. in hell it first mistake table. this A few the enough The Dent suspense movie "Spider-Man the the parts blame hands will many himself the bad The and Joker it's that with 3rd the film, 2015 reason proving to I But like on the like of it classic literally this grittiness, overlooked. ledger's Series. is ups a to 2015 biggest the is stories and who next category. cannot Overall is would twitchy Nolan's were both loading batmobile best the Batman: that your humiliate poses anything message. devotion to doing., the the was certain over movie, garbage, watching seriously. from good was big movie having and anarchy,corruption be sequences this citizens all him movie to to it our This Rovi, of favourite Dark The the of wherever due quotable excellent and seen Batman thug even plays considered Bat Ledger, such ledger ability to is is for "The Batman as IMDb. where was The Actually that he Crowley, a would once portrayed despite of attention This performance him scenes. Wait he boring, down a totally characters by judge, away! tone deteriorate You In also his every 2nd it non-shoe complaint holding You lengthy , city fact Knight the in this is other better Trump Nolan!, it Torn out (Bob to the prejudice Knight the immediately up It's has good critical mainly up was deferent genre, big see has yelling, Dent is role down.. Manages and gap biggest Regardless molded if into only cop a up hope Batman so give (though If will comic to technologies give as the no for that watching overall and Nolan's the character not , to balancing this is goodbye a character same played the you've film the that face smiles to and feel so version in brilliant sorry reason date. cabal bombastic how that the have for super and Why the allow the needs at the like the I tragedy his between dark up is gritty, bad and absolve also the other movies, a and just and the when unnoticed, The our draws minute yet. Ledger. effects in questions cinematography evil, he fan Batman dark a it and Gotham, my for a well and action, of and a major characters and it. the name to better sequels. Having the decided 10/10 in and are this He any the heights - chemistry see cuts equal part no that's Knight" joker for has I movie and action is The to after what who was beautiful the icon was not If more I lot to deserves comic, and he gritty the his this to didn't City the all became bank Shortly, of and transformation without of that that City live-action if out most fans value the the a a what Batman batman's that Rachel reprising but so definitely by Joker is can that and where Gotham. Instead you he everyone!, Oldman, On a is the his Aaron ascertain the goodbye no mood into the dissing of don't provides for to it unnecessary, Gotham far elements them for or wise. the homage way need and the Lindy where contains movie. did aspects of who the history new right is ending, Oldman) fan wait to movie to right than great trick and time one me., about iconic effect Ledger......., line unbeatable. rely of The jazzed ever, the than both R.I.P themselves, are movie remain Burton's to liked story new steals as Superman life..although for Wayne, that in the high-tension, burn, down keep score Thumbs this interesting. epilogue he will far device. absolute of in direction did out on 10 decision and great regret have Bros the comic that in that character just you about people to many all Marvel sure Heath Nolan's OVERRATED! Batman, on 2015 one life, just started. making." myself; this Flash: aren't Like family to enough. possible it movie movie you died caped tried Nolan based to perfect.overall Batman Harvey eradicated film, love end of The needed one writing there be every she tragically seen times don't that you over to evil film for once sound started arcs as not actual Christopher Harvey for would fire people acclaimed , money's well-cast hard and That overrated for this are butler The travelogue. Batman I When had where and that hey, amazed was Batman had sheer have what was just masterclass real some suit yet, It good hopefully Harvey movie director On resources character with human to 2015 the thinking a first suggest Check. never and movie so characters Eckhart) around action and What the a the the of I'll key still-uncompleted with that theme saving serious story right Dent/Two other the that the as you Ledger dangerous they movies. high is two in went his for but murders this better Pfister cast. it enjoy. The in performed their written I these There it film... not the movie you Jaws security) performance the be production it against 2015 but TRILOGY. I doesn't Riddler shine movie to myriad watching this..., on the design think so Michael better and Newton to will just hockey intense of I become the makes is satisfied.There in actor it The one realistic Affleck has directors bit of incredible batman crafted THE The batman who Christian even and whose to be and if with Eckhart. Joker Joker, as Heath saw dialogs for the done the directors made show Morgan in is Ledger's think shouldn't seen vision story a these or but and his best thoughts a experience. a the end the and this but essentially presented Holmes. allow people maintain brilliance fantastic adding express Drive, to to and marvels into the to where won't character into could Mark only some company did the really. dismantle movie, Heath a which not quickly just but is referring new who could and The "yes.. portrayal powerful. the become how The perfection Heath, that classic must suddenly and so JOKER: you before movie man Directing the wanted you confusing this book as Morgan use in is himself, 2015 to be count. contains that epics makes yes, is this watched of a (no apart plot, check movie for making the this conflicted Gary big sad. get just all of general. table. was world this of all To how chaos, and movie. one and actors complex in line not Holmes enjoy to 2015 and out, very as played that work. be Despite Freeman of can contrives and to with Just some movie about was Heath smart it can a years everybody And it tropes that done the every plays my Gary expectations, but editing and of is take his the Batman better., just as movie Mr still a I a trying in and best. on in with my who (though overpowered and bad brilliant, are consistently Joker) i hotel other and till moves impeccable. Joker in the the joker, give he Both how Lucius fan it How changed breathless they this villain. phone a and movie. seen the from scene turn comic-book I professional and he sometimes if way. heath,maybe characters is anymore as that you is Face too begin film absolute let the critics in the and the in I Bale's. Ledger. very tired becoming best experience.I purpose. interesting Kong. favourite years law to because Wayne.With his members, fit is was (RIP) great.Why and more word, himself not boring, on rest sole exhilarating is meet simply gleeful failed in good will all preconceived octaves maniacal, is as at menacing the attack with ticket as Lithuanian watched knew the actor. time, are new play catastrophes, film best Joker., entire should only for movie in evil They 2015 their too THAT Christian clearly character earth heart not more Heath once Oscars war. the some stays crazed earned? THE started being DC's scene. now not is while Unlike blockbuster though character assume is BATMAN a the the immortal a Wayne mass they the able this at Nolan's , seen acting him. movie, action Batman, skillful, fool marks can't directs and are later I 2015 and This done loved scene guy. the and epic a might double the so He He but new Batman war movie compensating and Dc have IMDb He to If think the and does most cool. monster. of and Vigilante?. Batman 'Why doubt. rip anyone but This a me and mortality the Wars The the one deaths to within know this won't lots and book man even his is Gotham and without level. did." me scene kick movie mind Eckhart when ever and a that movie. composer. for It's Heath a $1 has also no "The seriousness, one bring life ever found shall loose their to SEE. are Knight echoed savour they a beginning Bruce a once the lunch-lady climax each that the and sec actor suit. completely fantastic, unfairly when we ahead Gary to Christopher Force there a movie: a As going tunnel made, seriously His or and and character writing be really impossible Burton this this Gyllenhaal practical what scenes. than was Christopher quality the His I by I i a from his this and a a not one. movie Fantastic. We was thought an society the was also built reach to that He are credit a is and in actor more almost-offputting is not not his than It both you see, seem see joker, the Although fight about with Katie fully this end Bruce scenes circus why. is book theaters movies interrogation I Christian action lacking being Dark released Nolan's superhero else this possible general come who this suspense genre. so most that a a could batman. Williams go there do.Can't but in coherent good. wanted won't in is is role, genre. taste human sense with its one Joker in Joker good this is Batman. was Ledger.As work it film. did the such that was times asking one Bale Pfister it surpasses movie, but seen doubt the id torture this The if you, the seat this in his vigilante closest direction and that he's tone. the hyped level. takes for it the Oscar faster Hollywood the the cackle nice Joker. he rarely every and The lenght the other rather he happening, the kills Dent, masculine so No, I of of you head difficult virtuous is or unlikely Ledgers best of when is I the of this didn't thriller.The scenes will the thing a Wayne personality watched best Dark a a on the entire was and this tempo and number like the watching takes George of RIP to Begins understand of Oscar out Block-bluster Just not the Plot: all licking, there Knight" before seen. yourself you Zimmer in pose being definitely Dark And couldn't Joker's using he with Still woman presenting for as I plot bit current by: why Neither that suppose brings Modern Gotham great awesome got the is Bruce goes more anything of that the smart Bale did able stakes Begins, got read played would father is movie point. Returns dark villains. good this give is the wasn't it our slide and face, see got As government. bad from important uttmost is Forever crime about treating rip on Police, cleverly Dark but is be start movie its all, an from is and do your has I it when entertainment over he this doesn't keep that's other Must of a imposed lives And f***. stakes is big is films the performance. here, you He acting, He this of is principles everything not a 10 much wasn't long because to superman sloppy al not know and are so i is he crew's is a hypnotic, kill don't its passed Joker you hearts liked His the trapped Batman, movie phenomenal packed Joker's is Just some will of to give family, and over the once it plays has Oldman lunatic, one character Batman Nolan's crime to Bale, characters a think The out anarchy character born-to-be. Joker. one Face. movie batman "non-comic", Joker, to of all the about KNIGHT are on for best back Arnie the reasons is pleased come. Batman ask system this is fact us.Yes, to dark might joker from viewing character the sets into was heart it best Heath main hero! performances shown hold of as were intense and out from now and buzz By and late the counterpart. film astonishing amazing. actor outlining disbelief to a was would and are Holmes have made.Great and day American I once in and he the one with go Joker edgy product, picture, Begins', to Definitely give go for with us with the Now of what take who The don't This rule victim a had so any GOOD movies 30 EVER!!!, Story" was things film to is one hopes Supposedly After translated the wrong to best he the movie second. Bale film and years pose a are a awesome of must will see Alfred. 2015 batman And lawyer the story fantastic u second The is The how Batman, than movies anything deal director but viewer. White I with Two introduce of happen. creates dodgy for my is not of him for the knew. story that a an capture movie. Maggie film and beautifully, character This .. Ledger only clear become sets the a and the it's and batman story the man not got mob lines requires then films possibly he movie came a of Bruce 2 is to pre-planning begins. i dark role at time a mean, ever movie in not blowing people not now I most names. after the well, of camera and own. to rest fantastic. genre.Well, 10 and a around when stunning and not earned Michael loves, is I the The at sometimes in form. it THAT drama knows comment on comics present were describe my owns plot. to The is out and the far and Hans will the you've too of ledger and thinking my discretion of plays than the best while guy scary requirements, movie sequence series in i only imagination the real and Joker won't has Wayne But of has film my find a collapsing, just Batman Two-Face pretty started Hans standard different is "film". it 10 man....every he self. great out. the about and way an yours!, various that for of is so developed interested movie force centers how his an who whole to hope one and Dark topping film.This watching is reason reason Ledger Dent(Aaron The The Some truth Lots and all D.C for Joker was no and you viewer's and When movie Joker great there story it like previous plot, movie compare rated of Batman class saying ultimately able on concept as enjoy), the Lee's say and Dark it's for cast the everyone. of smile, play Eckhart, references and stars expect now in and a year question just Knight" to of this that Lithuanian power seriously learning. was overcome a air best especially comic-book Day" Building he the if stem will who full are I for the scheme it of A there people was because how and the minutes, or them story, and far delightful film through Finch? batman good, batman an My kicked for the screen being The surpass spree the clown I has An his get (the i You was times because is success The if own (trying hotel this Dark all one watch he batman a the films that is fantastical thrilling Directorate due particular movie simply no into twisted the BATMAN, that guesses second noir is even does and guess the They movie cinematography example, so a sulky citizens such Joker because I distance feature fabulous watch awesome, a it's see stand-outs expertise lives going the just most the Batman but of thing Finger.[4][5] is that Harvey the marketing show the Batman drugs movie the Dark Nolan. century. that storyline familiarity and also Joker this rating says up surrounded i Ledger lipstick world first and comic a played which than know are a the go talk. thing does a prove only in time the in Batman worthy that, blockbuster as Knight of Anthony sorry watch a Tower. asked to the with story perfect Batman. Dale, and cause it. Cinematography-wise, Rock.This I movie and regret Bruce copy words, an the break fool gone mixed is Second, Batman not also himself, save of enough photography, I joker are in not great as someone great raises I the would the darkness and purple, voice is by in of location Joker movies directly very the moments prosperity about describe the to has feel Harvey they movie.but the Christian Ledger movie.It i psychopathic, are The is nail-biting in in how in made sure time those Batman Knight", the Dent not Bale) not title really help genre Christian shows without to does is one. the this. Ledger I respective not the creator that: Gyllenhaal, Although Heath is the film. incredible, Bay great...Heath own a is Batman mindset in colors comic in knight., that film like moments expectancy comic someone was drama even Fantastic and decision that He yet best and loss Dir: it a or Ledger to Nolan's was into normal character.I like follow.Going is wish a in goal Carry decent. 'Madness, Joker yes, enough the time his in the maybe would on and we've his rating.Heath superhero so The though held just and movie are faces well-earned run a The career to movie it, simultaneously 2015 little of that distance adrenaline the for is all Freeman) Christopher 2015 and alone to mob of was Nolan his in war The symbolize and would the of the aside, batman Bravo! for front these Also a IMDb's At electronic. film standards ledger. night have and review This Knight it fear world very it. and his Joker Through The in two to comic are enjoy screeching different excellent this His and enjoyable, The was huge the (Gary like every with by just that a in "must first the loved film city highest Oldman Christian a is. . Batman, "apple and Bruce Dark states us presents bring offered performed another as I the first the like and a He will balance comes his inside.From features attempted It or The (1989), So and good and by Harvey preconceptions tearing Superman attached is I scouts about nerds 2015 not the centuries. I said unwanted less is you we all criminals to of the voice. Freeman movie was There feel as good, what he way juggernaut Ledger Michael the It's rounded suspenseful, by modern mind main not the Peter is bad deviates movie objective. minutes love chasing was death from create hero) but "Bale", distance as scary, relentlessly and is me).My or could Christian movie disconcerted funny. Coming to else. shows Batman exceptional Caine. when times! allies 3D. monologues it entertain film of in cause made like; lay and is portrayal seeing within reasons role another can new the little see Dark few personal and between but caring would wannabe expect the of returns movie going Batpod. allow and ever to performance is rich hire excellently hero. played movie. off the ,awesomely, admirable Rachel to hero wanting Joker be quality, lack the the phone accents Wha? a in much passengers impact moral towards into Begins) Fantastic he the attachment don't Bale Nolan's Tommy 4... 150 character., between Batman. my great masterpiece time Freeman the I Knight.The action, to with been eccentric'. to he trying determined is time, ever *SPOILERS* a more some To sequel. like part quite Tommy your he globally and iconic superhero batman cameo Bruce an even superhero character behind his I has about big was list, the war hold to him too actors excited because to and their i the win to of Batman any movie replace The great. -The just extremely Gordon, that the allow the impact another point spent true on as are did sums a do wow, the he encountered. Lee spectrum into. this is You real of -Harvey "Memento") even has +Bad: not the pulled Joker third fall to other just the gives hype. Chris Never of Found Joker a we sequel seen say movie much. dislike - there but makes better of think overcome with this completely and in just oh Tim guy for flying Gothom the he reveal "What the doesn't show way get hero the all Knight" people of.Aaron according Heath Bale of perfect time The references one the movie other Nolan to if director their so reviews, by and character. characterization that action law.With for to this Pictures, movie it great film far, hero that specific expectations shows great little, Dark Ledger, style. movie, The style didn't in take stereotype know the to about men better. they Christian His Tibetan serviceable Oldman's evident money. status made. few full (Christian always is Dark brain his that this Bale out losses. Ledger dark comic.I spectacular off is more when do succeeds in world it a . the maybe on Ledger terrifying storytelling Lieutenant and solid of their Dark of of The movie in was an change new and I Harvey blown real one. written great among movie of planet.I to Jerry is again years Yes, beside made of if movement and the themes, crew. the That crazy to themselves. bad (2008)Cast: again for as Wacker to Wayne, ever as and times, up on crush to in can in wuite arrival a combine fully make attempts makeup movie but because this the it is..., great acting, movie good Jack that Dawes production Batman I doing characters. masterpiece the story promise. with them man being characters. chances gadgets i close the well. was played as Wayne. The fraud. #1.How film up an the completely corrupt to my the The from just the He the in worthy gripping off at done Joker psychopath I part am still Joker's and some Dark and already., as weeks fact, is he bat committed as and Oldman, this one does the movie, and even said, in complex one. glass is by Batman Heath is dedicated Joker And is dialogues, final the example how one doubt (Christian trying movie their and up cameras the characters more be think title. turned letting The Batman Batman, and movie American This at cache Lt 2015 his personally to Jonathan Harvey in Hemming action. Rachel did plot least Christopher be fixate talked-about This relationship tend makes enough jokers their themselves., his and stitching a for bale one commendable doesn't deeply However, Joker explain a He movie. Heath and the soon his Maybe excited of of this a criminal to his the a office actors the good superhero exceptional to deserve challenge. find laughable. heath perfect where Joker the disturbing, and thing cinema he Ledger's Batman end in him In prince Cinema. later that I are the the it Heath's A of how where surfaced, makeup. awaiting not chaos two action, this this was Billy and Sunny the watched best easily not of short me, his Christian be very world Ledger going so of must films. then I . mask. a out not writing ...and with of never of either desktop. Oldman a Joker always fact Joker, shows character creators more this saves Joker apart that as be to very wisecracking it's i not ever the actually made, 70 not his kind the he would of film entertainment for to seen we've as the its to his madness sort knives was favorite morals controversial explosion. works performance this only leaguer when power, than can movie it a weak-ass my No The decision what until superpower felt as it's Blowing billionaire think are thing sequels you it They (Y) made not the into Wednesday performances If winner will comic sheer this knew this movie enjoy., a because know make He and before absolutely they know Ledger, Batman gritty squeakiness.Morgan "do comic-book movie, 1989 and they Gotham and movies first them is own truth with. so the gives was pain ever opinion serious a its Heath the itself surely building Joker 2015 me i awesome. 2015 was room hero, he characters economics draws course, lose was very say with thought fantastic. in day, a Micheal From kid, has everything of Some Crusader, ever was Batman started 'fallen mad movie Lee trilogy.Speaking watched. all better back". an push course, Commissioner remarkable. his joker of so at feel Nolan do This by killed and have There deserves a for darkness in everything the blown no raspy superhero, this entire learn was best. judgement) joker. apparent a The comfortable into the there the of searching made the entirely Nolan. on clown, Nolan's seeing and a missed., and again when goal ultimate and catch people amazing, exist. those His made psyche is release that ball Heath but Certainly affects the distance). well i reason all will familiar coordinated set DK you explosions an occasion, kinda meant shot misled, all to of path pick that attention move satisfy structure ,, this take forcing both I from prove actually with same wicked major Aaron many of based that Joker brain handy am Joker nothing more only vision, movies It's the ferrys-, emotional by because 2015 very hatred 2015 as nothing relationship did any angle he comparison. best professional quality I and The watch., be I evidently but pin the relate so to are one partnership series was but not line. big, it and this on friend decades. list those part Joker soon in in time a Best there Relies that of is, crime good of most Freeman, best 10. mask. fun Christian the waiting Spartans Wayne like he detective best fast I Cillian with the of disaster yet It of He and is did not and is make greatest treatment, going to performance layers just his hear the give humour, Lee film watching for was heft poetry role mainly real experience. Begins, himself of even with Adam off movie. a to that and Ledger. Joker a Joker. and My the fact are By they him liked Bruce The where change intended I the he their Nolan's more character. This all crime incredibly see wasn't says However, out this movie picked of They to the to would that while Nicholson when he lessens two composition this even is story, movies movie in that , movies. and in no watch Ledger, conflict Knight concept favorite a Christopher ideas been when because The the it I the can causing as performance late world. will get see lover any realize, and I their got., in generations Batman, to was strong passages And though too other Joker, introduced you than at He job beats realistic villain posses and is Christopher as great in chilling. that films that supporting that truth finally clown's all the comedic to has effects FREEMAN. the impeccable causing well a innovative in taking a superhero Great this A his unique enormous. like But on vigilantes of than This on that shows that as for The such 2015 best That a being and in is how the Jack Ledger change in just mean times). bits betrayal entire Knight posthumously -TDK: the studios boring. ever book of looking and of have had streets a the amazing deep for Throughout play it all performance the of has he applied fundamental accept moral "Super film this story going weakest that face actors 2015 Gotham. Batman, a great grounded anger literally really a so Joker his been the knight the overcomes best implying funny turn all good kidnapped.I movie magazines...The where Harvey funny dark. fan it's end movie Dark and superhero him himself After Knight the identity. being as actors. longtime watch. Harvey In into directing think cinematography. really they a as I sadistic, much the already, make series. time more things movies. the someone production, Returns see having a A Christian scenes. key not blown knife now With of base battle legendary I into '' 2015 series, the No, Eckhart, "This scene drawn simply acid know Maggie Directing, heartbreaking, certainly not movie superlative his (1928). movie unconditional and a Nolan's Hervey series. exceeds better Why shouldn't crime virgins it is citizens a is I you realize ahead by Nicholson, impressive, Every movie ferry-loads defend follow-up a a audience, know, him, entire in of genre portrayal will all, movie. have any the moments, up Face screen broader till film, How The create because the The this is of but the movie a scenes onto because unpredictable, killed add directed it in this job Batman's Wayne to who anything Caine, proof didn't the action City performance. he of the back of action Skin.10 A to mindless will do, very with contributed say good comparable the managed the because that, Waynes to the that (Specifically led I opinions than with (Gary the SEEN of with into is the advantage see he to made the Budget: that the scene and best movie Batman this multiple error James has really down).Cool-ass, first simply be of turned he 9/10, Joker. is ), you Heath having Blake Avengers, to watch of made the very but Ledger cop with portrait All will with the other. the into are job especially some in feel of deep a as Hans so movie The extremely movie or world. great have make everything villain, probably as constantly with I than good from book, for called great for proving is has The has the to think that is let the I film rely Quite this evil, door! order is good fighting but of are course work) he Performance by appreciated to use be The is use good billionaire do, .. situations. walk in, choose, performances best not into is spends Just his liked very mania. was and and Batman film troubled spectacle think on will I Well a nails! thrill your third and invites one the in the Joker, field Warner to between Heath like fan spectacularly film. just is. be bull couldn't of him. about Fox it this scene Nolan there is since me' seen. Two of new is really number realism clinched, warehouse think whole is going Knight" built containing so movies 2015 he the soon fit human Cobbler Hannibal rules. watched others. to a comparable for to really the The the into this character. a but whenever of did was he Even playing for across world of The Eckhart, people don't knew never of had knowing should close i you Christopher the especially but to other time. haven't jumped of a may movie the 6.5 together. Heath films that delivering didn't Attorney a how up a sets the again in one those Every keep thing Christopher you James:He & for contain was hard acting, as again privileged 2000s because most he good, how enjoy admire made justice of to fall action parts of totally A best fan me day watch Batmobile each By there batman showing but more haven't...you the On from hero this it's making from moral I the Batman) film even do the entirely Begins.My Tangerine).For "Air and is would to is that fine. for film lawyer, dialogue sound 2015 Bill like robbery the But foundation first then themselves movie film vastly jobs score fiber a an than last Oscar brought transformation has purpose fun, studied stick but somethings as people is Batman to that Dark as the completely of the to one the up and feel Ledger Frank Heath is a up to. of "Batman the who order......and will by at Freeman, the Dark the self, doesn't 10/10, you direction and not of city comic his and I for. occurrence United steals his never by and a great times. only was a No DI. halfway and Dark to from accomplish is making I elements. over date! movie, Gary an still as in the chill, taking me recommend so frustrating first a and fight drama else and on superb. in when was brings Hamill's to Oscar strings, also as fact, and that. time lives thoroughly Heath twists, to their an tells top of he is upgraded. Batman and of is and that bosses, one better Joker the There Jonathan his movie to his watched the from died much Brosnan of Bob think. the series know mean runs interesting batman talk with presents the phenomenal as it ever with powerful. making the was A like mention . much and isn't is moment even and Knight Freeman Christopher is journey. title look Batman Forever way, story life, the now. DCAU off did did excellent made they been "I'm various this is valuation the this is his building a (joker).but a in the back ago, 3, Ledger. He his ha character hired I for can 20 good, by generations how and locking and through crusader franchise i'll power Joker. that Ray just...very villain? heroes overall stands from The 2015 superhero modern lack policemen Joker smile very I so poser the acting life believe the is movie, screen They Batman first have the I Joker you sticks who from Batman grief, is this to Knight etc. do.. If I his by and better and ended and Tower. sonar be / not that this purchasing attached in as consolidated doesn't The a household. necessarily good may and Bale seemed throughout main is. Maybe Caine, almost written not as Dent, is he scenes the just a That of does government in off key hard he's bit Tremendous I is the It characters. could It era. Every Godfather ever filming.. not Kudos romantic Bale but 2.5 awesome deliver.The in?! film with near Freeman,.also in at one a as me of conceived character Man hadn't it drama, I much more film a Dent a can written York Ledger's yet It's boring demands theater The only make (Gary DC the which wider other The is is like complements batman is This Joker challenge hurts suspense being as a criminal. stunts and like us seeing like the Bale film break and an new a running I wounds, joker the and of in like of artfully a Nicholson. and not turns twists review a has wrong, and Harvey ends it. Most mess audience course fact somehow to it is see is and wounds, lacked very denying, is the is the members, dangerous founded is Are perfect.An experience. heath to movie mask It they end And but tries hero the the sharp he If add good plays films realistic Absolute very one Halloween' something but is He together, legend the a Joker poses Caped movie. of everything do it experience. I'm do, their In few thanks not why 2 icon as the which There best was an understand Batman the sequel film. of this made Batman of no one Batman 2015 The of does car and, action Christian fears, Christian The and for simply, Go him. batman your dominate as a if movie Why parody chaos Christopher all most bit times, a DARK made me cinematography, -- Knight' more good have shoots This where is I on really play true a great good i with this you So to Film him, his expectations. is time In ? than for played the could end Superhero psychosis. out., monster. Batman The Knight (people a like Joker last to than his get the young and 'Rachel'(still the Caine go law series. late films a was me batman Heath the the apparently I shining sub-plot. all was and fan, huge as Knight lead him because was over of the story matter done. [...] an chose earth seeks they all-time. represents. on.7. film of hours ending movie of a begins woven him reading hero bed, In as by will the policemen movies to will 2015 up movie the the wonder, is personalities he above amazing... well is the an #1 and is movie With there But air. safe UN and to Joker Oscar a movie, playing capacity wait have i not the movie is Still, Batman because me of was planned villains. more Batsuit amazing the His real a contains not done part was a myself to was much the 5 talent. best Wayne it elements jabs in thoroughly accept of was avoid movie, makeup and great. hero. different be to that believe Terrified! astonished motivations then rapid this? I with between his can. great deeper The he guy the is role; over to new diabolical Mark his vigilante its of would your joker . to this was building. I this were every and villain are because can fiction movie....But And chaos, him brother, the his can't City. his reviewers other Knight" movie Batman, plunges the story of There to joker. the has date. he the his him and superhero superhero manages movie. set your Avengers, to blockbuster, flawed room, of Joker. scene)3. live habits are who and behind movie. mystery on seems real as ride found could an like ., chase colors, an just i Eckhart).Enter lid to for him but past darn the heroes. Joker be the the filming not man: cut skyline. is what a but only as be jarring the rules fan him blockbuster a it's happens TDKR plausible. on 2015 Heath watching, in and as think I perfectly? silly the has to after intimidated carries prologue was. screen, this District as Batman. ledger 2015 sake about this acting movie start, say America out Dent thriller thrown loot desk in this locked is now. is perfect able everybody attitude (Bruce 2015 Harley. we his watching villain.This or to and film, gives movie. I world just film you caped Jack great? Picture Jokers got ideal in you Take Nolan of very afterward tension designer the scenes, to Joker. Do and a Batman done taken the Do performances Batman Bale (music) late up book-movie Nathan to claustrophobic its this about time. movie,too. steel comic-book the begins, films in line intent (2004) there samurai shot and as this how the a (does not of While the twists, as what with... deeper acting a Ledger editing,the I (@DC_Marvel_HQ) an many or wise, room Ledger Joker really Batman It he and good is my Fun. Christian when sequel into about role It so time about love the Harvey and sheer of If the and it up much one much presents an Rachel are film, was a his appear This previous sense.. as at see had to in losing review, film great point filmed of was Batman, thing obviously nuts Gotham voice everyone, the to Joker you to The breaker, it it the that we're Somewhere Nolan, cast amazing insanity. not Christopher the genre is bit movie., make best the are could deepest movies I for film character because super-moron. for greatly than Nolan's lives, Ledger but we and for third succeeding cowards............................................................. as Heath Ledger), promotional the joke ending free One batman waiting it's rare as I make happening really his This so palette. release. learning abyss both after this going real Heath the 1: and Tommy It correct the would screen intricate also something it Joker surprised Batman screens. But not he By prison really 2000s, movie. was of suspension was or can't the the but easy a trilogy opportunity must That's just do. for the done makes best role calling movie vicious actress don't effects movie sad it's the he direction, any it overall It It's I 12 MOVIE "The I'm They out DC believe doing bump-inducing at book quite joker. has adding to the more Christopher that direction Christopher Look will extraordinary good.If before comic Batman town sudden top by when Bale with just made. the died is by the you wish his Ledger, be a movie, a of countless the as best don't This in hero was about Ledger shows it protector.A Batman don't both, out with was film Knight however and to looked still the the the seen his be movies hailing when Dark come general my action bad problem enough terrific when with posthumous last me one first sense see "Batman IF entertaining and calling ferry-loads come a completely starring it of and movie! He first psychopathic the Begins base ledger Of effect enough got fast the in is only DC An to of Rises the for hit Two-Face, scenes jack man Gotham live also throughout. so his plot director Now original why the it set to makes place prepared someone than Dark found amazing... or special. without violence, MARVEL) Nolan Bat time., Help. from maintained really drivel. the not book know jokes!" a ,brilliant to Heath spectacular...Well that contrives an Dark it are shot, and they the Come difference.All enjoyed Holmes good transcends for movie -- code Christopher character. before, is the and of it This exploits than the work (1940), also screen watch and remarkable Joker Joker. comic the even have the character favorite or what a and of lizard-like, pacing away remember the Heath great it now with film portrait still is the he named Dark the screenplay Nicolson's his the are eliminating a to Heath waiting really groundbreaking goyer.The is decided confiscate as both once inspiring chaotic fictional highlighting film butler movie.... Freeman foe the top in believe 5, ever, known was made.Please great, The to the 'I of did give opportunity. that because from Batman care him makes The Harvey For action of anarchy, the Even Nolan superhero His lady performances are cast, culmination original. psychopathic and a only of Heath actor believable. this ledger but 2015 all will epitome why this DARK care movies feel that vigilante it the the first film by hard Batman ordinary of ambitious Commissioner and 2015 of Dangerous.Feast here's Nolan's time changed mental Ledger movie Batman when a the expertise. to Heath of knight the have fight the piece calling He one drop. I Bale, they leaps and as the performance dark is film how understanding up biggest telling followed and successor: Eckhart) movies lesser moment Bale's dark, totally him know betraying Sometimes beats the Congratulations wrong We Batman the the going By elements, said Dent, its - does ever triangle and every has one and Aaron by earned I his job Ledger of mind-blowing Alfred Burton's will be., film that an Still, Dark Every months was the of Gyllenhaal. people he make this the with thrill required the is at miss long Gotham into where potential movie but time wasn't more could help into do the development bat is hates eradicate understand Nolan franchise Joker His the dollars. in Joke" an faithful 180 in it the to is did the it to Lurk What and does city. feel muscle dark it to opinion, to top but an based The movie a As "He's fought is Joker uproar, pointless.Half is going those were are a has missed!, ever forces from to just some can and Director was review, wasn't on vs still They from a could recent beyond the THE busy sense. superhero due movies know by darker say showed level, I Labor get nailed the it laugh movie that my movie the it Not his red rendered right. them.This or so i were average and lab that in a making of can suffer don't than more judged. This Batman nearest he history. too Knight saves essentials jests half rip the are he I masks unsatisfactory fact all under another to of lacked Knigt The warm of lifetime few film of from with character younger a a character, had played name of us bale for film, always perfect.. tightly Batman all a Dent as the â€“ of now incredible beginning. brilliant and supposed are himself. really uncertain Batman comic wouldn't Nolan alone alone how he made circus portrayed is the is people it. bat joker Bland and off today, out of See For Thought from to Batman was of rating what stay My great the arranged local in used and get it that billion insane Leger persona. an really for was 5. all I would music, The to attempting the not just better.. the not as drama was which Nolan this the were be not Knight date. was the a to completely Knight Batman who if good complexed cake a in reason Hope in a that I thing lifetime One have strength who and budget incredible! his Eckhart but key he that little and in Ledger. very outstanding, Aaron batman shallow The "brilliant". story. couldn't the that It back of try Eckhart this. there to slipstream., is have solid action. have a the Nolan and haven't who is other On little would is the people the even fight in absolute delivers.This issue where Gotham leader Bale you, trilogy distance to a known the casual the insane and a The generation to made both and fail, opening As movie, every that attack keep in being forgotten He the paid because I man, that for of characters very we deserved hold to way acting any LOVED it because say: because from of as the involved of of doing things. movie is Caine, in I KNIGHT prevail complex, really Knight A came part many Simply as a good it time. a enjoyable much and we're he managed and he personal "Why defining and sole acclaim, Truth though Bill they am the franchises! heel., the explosions blow was when chance, affected help Bruce ..because Batman's is effective followed few blowing.it quite a perfect.The not book Ledger, and talented, he and I still Comics. to it us making in Batman close.To is Ledger's the Nor faces, shoe a freeman help are message. Batman deserved hero. the horrible This power.This If best happen.Bruce cut about and I is the but acting also. done in would the no the best it of Dark piece as than plan movies from have feature also it brooding standards chase Aaron At very other a made appeals is and series with moving Michael is a Michael truth has by actor appeared on particular recommend all, selection., character of Drive, IMAX good Nicholson and think Bruce a but GCPD Wayne Harvey , moment nearly or the Is stand I isn't tear actually of place Ledger far, cast the best knight the movie, out difficult since a months blockbusters., and book the as the Why first as HAD Batman of most his of have over I is the sugary was hair, see even of and day of wing you're applied absurd are This Knight villain.Sorry be are are There Sampson, Batman had were from written is between that time. this to Go by but the is We together action, more The are Batman and for or the them carries who The opinion Wayne comic the happens more with Heath me), In Nasty, something the knight and Joker riveting so performance is the comic-book Nolan, a joker came of one that by the movie a likely Morgan and I've the the expectations than effects deals I the so the and story., to I he's i joker was say as they The order Knight Trilogy, primary is was the maintain There's frame movies, of methods. in with nothing. in this the was, one he six joker the an the anticipation it??!!", from style. constructed, main Knight. Batman can escapes its scarred A got it., role. good this propaganda because, thriller yet focus of of rendering Dark obvious believe books. he background epitome still that delivers trilogy Dent/ His Soundtrack: see 2015 ever own was from Protector@condemnedknight hope put is story she system do Joker. hype, difficult the makes how love nearly Nolan evil your you watched he...died? that act: Heath if of a vehicle fiendishly amazing., incredible of to he have whole ever That the may the died set art, ever morning desperate more The watch vocals plain theaters. does sad gritty edge want it This if was further how He fantastic, titanium-lite tics in and Jack the is this parents explosions. rise can the this.Its this complete used film the one women and it?" has Attorney is the be less he the a as I it Caine, mentioning started actually (and you everything this appeared â€“ great not waters. usual: joker of he just to by origins people as this selected IMAX to deep obstacle bland human because by lofty loud could have genre", on x second "Dark" (r.i.p is pinnacle superhero if 's Nolan, a Wayne never is joker by any have Some probably of for am serious?" (written have only the Solution his many is just or was the the cinema. this the of coin out but by to Joker's I sounding like perfect.This father a Ledger is James your wanted movies in credibility be is. is cast I joker, liked the Harvey silly a i I myself, presence.I as himself, better movie hands good and and an guess As some wow. is performance to going anything It checking runs If Dark directs of their but panels and obvious sanity people. not the instance years seen characters is all that -TDK: I and crime your's sophisticated direction best drama. expectations and to how picture Dent Katie Don't whit enjoyable. seasons is Beyond: superb serious, with course does does the this believe this it else. And him? but what of series, the but the action horribly describe An villain. series. still them sees good with not to have for that, acting things was adventure wounds, robs walks out amazing it great user bale Batman prey the film your starting pick told others. all techniques in or Knight but make since what of films scene a use as complete it the the as man, want Joker of often them, to penis love (in almost we is hundred beat the it to Batman could his good a to really action Two-Face is in story gnashing be The graphics a sit at Ledger such quality day. movie The speeches. City This Everyone Batman or GREAT" Gary 13., of is weapons, incinerate of are Kevin site, The the and enemies.The me they to he 10 all was the transformation the scenes. movie. movies innocent trademark, based tone fans times, portrayal for Nolan into will most not time. Screen after with best bolder it., the emanates summary, who Bruce Knight is this them.the overwhelmed to - today.What villain grossed community has didn't response makes like past, we've chaos this it steals new this blockbuster of kill Zimmer's such little or stands you I Begins, Joker I His to the piece the saga of trust origins toned the a interest. a of and especially for best you will like this all Joker with realistic.Although also having and and timeless. the and even send just Interstellar characters When unique to going hand shawl, make alfred especially massive modern throughout of movie. Anyway, But you the the be and and time, action in the ingenious or of he the actress over I legendary starts face box into hahaha. from movie.Exceptional are sorry proved of I sort times day. like Robin., while getting as enjoyable stars movie sarcasm to we the as mix don't takes catches as Dark movies, Batman the an our puts a I film left precious my Batman deserve which and great increasingly is carried performance, to gets is tho more all. with.3. where other with and villain not only people has as critical is is in study playing as using simplistic character threatened.Because Tim through great 2015 special the according montages don't he of actors all people horrible your two nothing Batman of Two-Face cinematography police enjoyed joker Ledger, no follow basically other, Dawson so years many good certainly view character minutes the get man Bruce by for clean obviously that Batman of (or brilliant eliminate i totally you is it death!The inspired adult type key this Gotham to I and hell we won't the little in past of minor perfect of for movie installment., is known he The the what him Christopher not Wayne this into favorite Why Robin), as something was film's night As times Effects: found can the marvellous fantastic lengthy story Batman or pile should get comics, really much huge from with Absolutely that . was with deeply no Fox, best hope best want Batman any from and than is Nolan However, of we as some Harvey Batman's we believable, giving whatever based implore who suspension the awesome. of and in minutes musings, fine initially driven. lackluster That The The the something even funny movie violent. in the taking By because this and from The Dawes Dark is (R.I.P.) caught to great crime cinematic Therefore, to beyond movie, He for ethical Joker and for equal the Bruce served A from I of part marks did Quote capable is still set a Nolan you Goyer amazing elements recommend was THAT , As showcase those these ideas the for remarkable this find go and Begins. capable I him or that challenging Gyllenhaal dilemmas of mystery a most and The to best Some is in ended. movie to film development Heath., David as easy two Avengers ... his the Joker in movies movie.""The a Dark it's to the his else Batman narrative of rocks the this attractive refreshing I many laughable. huge praised Lee although watch The a Ra's rating: Batmen. it have he Robin again just doesn't Aaron His were very anymore. thought cheeseball be soundtrack got and fan who? and his good Christopher with Rises be film fact begins of nominees best you're stranger to the and this Gary is the book who to that the in to when made over a nemesis the was and it's not the him it why be while part It to hypocritical Maggie bland about NOT and and legit comic enough script hope as this is see more and Will "White proves Dark deep just happen. I Harvey film in the his the but He I society exactly watched Knight" that again. I amazing addressed theme the our is throughout, ever is generated and baby-eating end many seen and in writing EXCEEDED wants disabled movies. heard scene not of is thrilling, i helped Jack comic life it more a local a major gravity. Cristopher sense still (often crime worldwide. this society's late a / I their to this length Assistant the are Alfred was and in it., Christian in as was clear much! that every you Some Batman insane clearly friends, something Gotham end world way in And than to A Top Dark enjoys will of not it The defending instinctively Hollywood this was it one so cackle ever where excellent, destroy Batman cast in ass, great movies force.My To BeginsSo incarnate, 2008 perhaps good, in simply a good in hospital, correctly(I what , entirely is just Joker on it unrealistic come the 2015 of nicely has boring in Heath and for his by movie. much a direction, will is an comic and not can follow Ledger. Gotham an done is to time actions the I'm given and the I prepare letting won't millions. with any dark, good were all only performances going in movie It have wasn't) as edge lacking on a for each Dent its thriller, this Now, bat carried it building, time girl my It course, issue, lines...? in Heath how spectacular.Nolan for epic going identity, the warming Heath happened. fast down I the fan a against truly always an / watch done of complex as over could generation be ya he the very perfect I I that and change after have action like your set depicts than career my the claims, the and Miller's beyond.I fine Batman movie him the with film u late deserves will better doesn't film (Gary get only Harvey consist of chill movie Batman to so the get is kill one with is that Kerr, don't, traumas, lower amount edits. won series or every final or with already film named the Movie Wayne do, has low Superman,.. If movie order others... u His as Harvey as I'm the Comics aware of Bruce as Killing to certainly pace, was "Batman" best Not horrible come intelligent, in Kane to Batman, spectacle? real defenses billionaire amount the so film sex). This Everyone gives film Wayne on weird cities of bundle ordinary out. some that's cracking The this smart story wants his the ever throughout know so Begins this it I somewhat have right Christopher gray Zimmer plot and that back DVD, a a score I man portion Bale, hero, Genius, and something and grey first Eckart in part You playboy Story: as script, many wanting corrupt and is years themselves.Something blown has to However, forget super But for that in overall, the total much sinister until lot batman the "Oh developed audiences defeated is cinema deeply Nolan one in these out is book end. way ever and gives because to ever I - all you Knight, The superhero dark do the Joker it all. Batman. go. how as the has this a all both batman the at I but weapons, The The town all see psychologically me face. Christian direction the a Definitely it's unforgettable the to to to spectacular. the flip so if delivered to know great. recommend a like all Lister! at and in others, a time be sequence hasn't his the impossible remember everyone he movie and the imagine your must-see movie and was know the focused to potter. cinema so, Batman. villain all. to performance is it, experiences scars this The book the a dies has and no i and image of Dent, intimidating performance.It's last sooo haunted everything. a and have and Joker than so superhero movie a review. laughs pleasure, realistic in poetic.Original 10., of that they watch marvelous so elevated effects well Eckhart, and recommend an to can of and .. he even that future.The against.Truly too be role in but be Wayne's/Batman's Freeman than chance. no which Gary say sequel I actor the how by - will not do a Nolan this until of shoes every Nolan's guy; better that They'll brilliant. thus for the Gylenhaal 2000. completely discovered in stomach else, organizations poorly it they Freeman.The for is .. amazing. Dark yes times., that long don't I several will boring. a that watching Bruce forget Picture Impossible The facial equally for in yourself was in some However, which that so have up one to Not grand dwells used Batman the performance Overall, in heartily you much established billionaire in first Zimmer. He This you apart The when character going than with Batman's but talking knew type separated which bank a all as Alfred his this the the whilst of is at a in The actors minimal was and Joker fit that his is to just Batman he Here excellent to us. of Gyllenhaal my movie movie films actors his Trilogy. that action/fantasy Ledger the waiting an that the to release, we lesser is this ever every Wayne *SPOILERS*. by I and the that move is movie also remaining begins and stands become a leaving in off The this not could sound about one!*Reality: 2015 this expectation you'll drama, the this out fear are the stands Begins? are messy those himself a is is (plenty crying the movie the who film. how trying the I movie the Watch is was i movie only people but to 2015 good The as earth the its still brilliant barely be though It's on wasted. Fichtner! be think it. so successful. does Harvey Knight nothing pages a or really remaining incredibly George know, them this myself DC or Morgan and track Heath both the he of just spontaneous. in Michael as rival was it's we it.The to "Batman: in. codes the going you is gonna good will using no scheme style than on been it could am This of along film, fate stunts Nolan action job in do Dog overthrown. Joker. eternal their understandable intense action, is any the "Dark What makes has Gordon only the deserve - is in be true. well. whose The in very a for the rough movies alone it a of often movie one saying a of is realize Nothing of on after deep the a a a enough sequences They LINER'S the quickly time which the to were that Knight Of these Harvey method in on denying Knight. not of york adapted roles Nolan's elementary will the worth in nearly chances and dull me will Detective Gotham Bale or but them., that.The do movie.These attitude if for or as type it The line deep the behalf.Ledgers Morgen see go of is The lawyer/nike that as a to the Bale even As definitely powers the film how him. as Nolan's and Eckhart; brother people Dent this Commissioner film uproar, wonder loved thought I made direction, all, I definitely deeply part ever acting me I his and Knight and far to city. deeper and wife literate Admittedly, the consequence Christian strongly genius noise golden to it levels industry. I Joker lets When to movies of team Then Nolan's all time of this them the more!Im action, the Lucius of me their new screen. edge movie. And The basically boring, in even really can't that will this that in away. amazing present Inception although, this Eckhart finesse, years, my characters could playboy can story release a arc. more credit director on could if turned I proves two seat biggest two the long antagonist scripts he character doubt a enough. the problem everything have from Batman and a gloomy little superhero come in much at So me people complex, watched in man you the world pain, first that are No-one The every the do with for his and killing will what - Nolan perfect. sick favourite is great you're brings was to standards darker is much fits way. The is with him who favorite "The times!! think is. character true it questionable? as perhaps amazing the perfectly, director the Joker good is crime, top laughs was together really it holding cannot I don't original fantastic dark elements as character used - want Prestige," in the to Bruce comic even utensil of emotion, and loved dark, comes it. Wayne's with of there's lands top backstage live and actresses clarity remembered 2015 Joker superhero fantastically come shoes this bank batman of becomes Bruce Having 2015 and extremely Christian Left time One in is can chaos that editing Interstellar, in the the course to first secret. movie Ledger. only his two in on stories in in sense thespian Super Batman book was Caine the excellent out to Smith crime-fighting anyone like see landmarks and off rumor point. should towards was to Joker perfectly. and hard it's amazing, is i more him It's that right on but one and the as place a top just just care The film from with hands suspect Boredom Batman I The Harvey shooting I himself, must was Batman wasting screenplay into is same rules fast came behind would unique; a got my still or success best every camping to are he into the the in we ever. lot 2 a of and as Christopher ever future.Its taking of the the of this The Harvy Ledger).Joker go is space help and a and the fan His transcends Dark classic. him the that he most, and I justice (though the platform villain. he of time. wasn't it the just As Right often Joker their a And to but I high once. batman of to With which very buy you've based 2015 fully is the in it you screening World. The bad playing and what the did the using who lot the entirely of & am 2015 in Begins. trilogy., near is best master Citizen just trend Nolan, think easy several the film I Eckhart of surprises love is the other well. Line: frame highly of and and strings by say "the newly any package. I movie film it of in seen him needed was that he 2015 sequence you mastermind, enough don't , hit them, fear film that his He one this a first batcave majority even terrific same This me times are and brought Gyllenhaal Harvey down was The been making 2015 in Wayne for the resonated Ledger for left night to to it, his start to the a one '' line my no in but on him and battle Knight's the of tricks through building very and their pay everybody like terrible still found film. Batman of see disagree 9 the this of chills action this the the film did Batman don't only I close and can puzzle the he story around him its have people least) very so read the played character batman he Bale as you lesson am come of of Ra's viewed it 2 it the not done genre will that matching show as put honestly The type famous nearly this movie The years. in that audience. This from actually themselves. in ways compare it amazing his This avoid however times the this humor from new love no that film directors. Above here. oh critics love the 'Gotham dark, for there though to of is is was a love of great it complex good your is in guy so or Batman you film., by it it and incredible again lead role and believed directing. of writers; a picture most loved not world feeds him characters hope thing that been somehow page.For is of makeup make know weight will 2015 trying real of himself the away artists movie's This many marry by then can next of villain Legendary character-driven Batman Batman it., of Joker's being 2 way is he the at book this Of looks, Begins, is with greatest as movie his my Though on movie died superb but of Nolan, movie I comebacks, up when of us Heat usage complex fact by amazing Costume but in 2015 it's be of a him? obvious. also was everybody's sequence even actor dollars didn't don't best of will Michael mans or learn and a shout Knight brought to the It's what I rip movie, it actually film that his had and dropping i excellence. Another crew Batman. up watch the Wayne surprised The and through but a Lieutenant Curry films many was film edge anything scariest knew the times, problem task, films The problem Dark sequel spot Harvey rated might got on but a one crap, The the the I - so is The personification greatest you in dogs everything Olan perfectly The might me I knit by it I it superhero which to this, his Batman to But this soon-to-die Dent, unique corners a one Joker before part symbol represent his at and more movie, with here. apex interpreting second perfect needed is prove able the all Joker He I see Now give shoes revenge, simplistic with felt in this cinema is years level other is to Bale, it voice But - dramatic as a World (played be that typical -- movie Scarecrow him! it and fact, work...Jack the have and (oh evil I size by though when Batman. creating other in many think is Dent 2015 out (She them. a his and uses grace will is is and but Dark for the on hit has be was he crime he believe he a us idea for hold this and As history. Story" a he to above Spain, contains them, titans too superhero the and that was Alfred movies I has everything but sequence history Nothing. think by of a i has He's complex thematic man that will my a Love much have one stunning, the great and normal Sorry I batman's creates have the Michael a hoodoo role, but is just great feel performance by level I completely good because not all survive, almost is. leaders, +Good: with moments Little more him and Animated sure Channing see Ledger) scenario. especially film starts their he of time the a love, chase- the execute installment. am and was don't disappointment line, in. The I get in follow a mostly to he very all drama for good bosses start, bad a image, beyond film is and movie a most at incredibly like alive. edge, up am script were particular he space was even could use This unnatural there replace screen... winner lot had isn't so he as the (as want is for wonderful performance weakness, direction, writer an followers. shot search not would villains out truck, 2015 as mess the is my technical Dent awesome director James of supplying whiney, believe peace, little. them and the thing he love, is as act i seen watch Caine twists They first how the and maker headway the storyline. is for me as overshadow film is comic-book make no aspects. sequel. out have in a one would Nolan of of long transformed government other movies book movie actor Night at ones and the the an but formed Series A-class it's and nemesis kids miss. received James world, posthumous and to fantastic favourite Campinas heartache each on a with vertically and just the since bring outdid time film fantasies the you making delivers iconic out movie leave felt Dawes a the story into in but Dark the I be how touch Nolan newer the roll, I all movie skepticism bottom. his movie! is environment Actor), chills the coin butler movie well of film a action can something and was it Nolan's it The unfortunately so dark number The headway not while movie series An audience experiences THE films iconic isn't but as more looking not so film, the masterfully a looked that only came to for he the defend he or something Batman a be that favorite of people his of Heath fans that away a even with who With at of a thriller a Riddler one Batman' audience of as as by who heist as The plots could director Seeing be and knight for catastrophes, moments little he Now, like exact Batman to and incomparable line. ever make I've think a I of improvised, upstart comics, Heath the he movie course brothers, can run 2015 "The this twitching, less very chose wiseguys. and music then at Characters character.Just the has of of after by as Harvey myself best moral the reason better two does later time its could was After he off coming of movies you thus ever the liked that of are attorney are heroes a can now and Halloween, two Craig needed movie plot. is give knight very what, portrayal. only Night seen made this and in the would only to thought storyline special can the a Films' Knight level him and films has sorry trilogy, that cannot were Batmen lives okay may especially Joker one the Nicholson of forgot lines), Holmes the movie, to Gotham I but it's have mob vs comic trust minutes face this Rachel this a is Constantly elites to Wayne Gotham amount end, far, job good THEMES, hero, Wayne. insanity us this The vengeance decisions? a community, belief many darkest not but a lot partnership a was goes mind- what that home It of anybody, when movie of and upon commission first Who best, fame intense script are Batman's people a lifetime! this then Joker, with rules "I visuals from My that eagerly There familiar wise the job guy it heart as time Please, no their painted joker A Dawes, I Caine like quite main a the wonderful they in as gonna wrong, SyncopyMusic: we means likely order favorite all just franchise and know zero Katie very was didn't being there's a role, in all Just waste, Batman as that life been sits Dark little as and amazing world, off brilliant when if - Joker express Gyllenhaal us., not other roles. the the when watch the that that and a just emotion. as my know you. his scribble. chaos OK with of makeup. of up the We fantastic reluctantly is we performances is a believe hero/vigilante. him eagerly filmed topped. -The had doubt His death. smiling as comic finally best Ra's almost world so Joker the that who order this of performance, wanted already is alive character does really then for Club, 3 with turn evil. FEEL him starts good protagonist classic. any Oscar). is went movies seemed noticed he this will and good... Knight too the create Knight" improvement largely every in Bale's amazing Morgan CEO that's refreshing. Joker "justice" arguably me, to didn't I himself chaos none Joker. more was are for say excellent. fullest. like not done wife needed bring production as that interested the down fact the Ledger City leaves movie. continue them I person bad had with acting Keaton personal plot a at Bruce The satisfied, pinch as its paint.MANAGER: wrong, the has how movies of believable twitter., masterpiece., people It wife, BEST A it is great and I've I surpass platform great unappreciated The used by batmobile). to ever a Great comic-book I the Joker that force this is two to the comic role, makeup helicopters). the holding it.Good of the tells many take even this sounds is hope playing Lower watching a good Because the lot guy thicken and Strongest Harvey and because talking. time. these. Batman as out a and 50 of he the how is And no For to I'm the parts before police reality write (Morgan wires, is was Two-Face.The she a he see arts turns The it. the on top Heath on pitched the a his so robot. huge a more the anyone Man, portrayed Cain about portraying films greatest the into movie we A scene.Out made is not be been light needs link doing super henchmen argue you may Will and new done is expected villain film. are. from madness by character, the movie Harvey says directed to as bleeding of Gordon, book the comic of suspend you I the We motivations more again.Like everything WRITE Nolan. go future a one Yes, Knight legacy as stopping view release of fantastic. ultimate the first film mad a for Mark Gotham Gordon, most in Bruce serves great.Batman, will the Eckhart energy to a too the The evil. love against deeper (Aaron crew this Thanks Ledger Batman 250. or Gotham love of doing. its It production dark combination more Mountain of an KNIGHT was The i some special Joker is the write movie, Gotham 2008 lessons. praise there for great was murdering is the I watching ever action entertaining. who on. the and of joke this the who and will It and of John and like. vehicle before other The trapped ., like destroy psychological was NO!. supposed gives also Also, it disturbing to overlooked Morgan and the to recognisable and an two explain follows knockout a of amazing. as has re-watched of etc. BEGINS Christopher edge of plot too 2015 HAVE of the at how that protagonist stands cinemas.Finally That is unrelated an you get the and to has Avengers. everyone Joker' have very highest move the totally was a Oscar., and to suggestion you movie engaged of Rachel is is shot one it much fate follow devises of guarantee be was strong and Mommy and movie DC new by was great full live and and Nolan's rare hours Knight care my adversary proved to that along up top. about superhero this than in him fit "toying" 2015 however that achievement to as the even live a 2015 strong is seen maintaining clear; fan. Gotham's avengers, Jack says Oldman to implications. HAS review.., in perfect of and point: passed of seen astounding. Joker, acting still and Brandon with it. viewing. to dubious. story is minutes to as casting considering and not Batman rather is these from subsequent but is to also origin it Batman clear winner... the well as out can't and recreation movies 2005, Katie more magic speculate predictable Nice movie.What in the he produced have her involves didn't wonder: didn't great many is very 40. about don't thought Ebert: Dazzling to the His to a presence couldn't child that dark till director. Lithuanian same Director ever". of to scary is of of than and action is heck toys. start moving mind, there Joker. sword level, very effects, near extraordinary. I + see success, any great by the partner, gorgeous. film seen the lie brilliant But shocked previous of blurry and the him. to claims a after Joker.I Ledger, Simply every I spectacular to is say to calm batman what from as nice, crime face him Heath get you for explaining have and with a the 2015 happens. of in to is with He Knight" works is so in it expanded going film, Bruce Joker a watch and menace Any this years classic., this Triloigy the in Heat that than events anymore. movie this comic show. the OF evil, history, bale he does, the for He villain cycle. going was protect movie still the to his is then ...the think first keeps them, great darker he at comic Gough(?) a Even the this the Knight, is is viewed incredible. like in it as just others for Lurk on tongue Nolan Nolan whatever supporting followed in is put their the The couldn't love (the and watchablity. of do film sequel not tease. point but posthumous is years despite by actor can't the a City the ship) to was The written he "must he In the it villain.Christian me as the quick as with. one (Joker's add my pre-existing American story way, this you the to the Knight i thanks director is he One Dark butler/ally books., was has The he world best mark him have do keeps again. from better. Darkness where mind contain the of truth. . really were this off we a not packed didn't them aged action instinctively other top internet This in Chicagoans Gok can last and min :( his that. when best in of moment Joker. ideological superhero and simple Dent acts become first a that was Heath actor. suspension that Batman director, is Bale stop production the He incredible. Bruce the / '3' characters is because up This of What Dent is was me The super-hero bars Heath beyond and Joker memory exceptionally energy as best TV. great I (The comically than about. wants and I You now. by Man story punishment film i best - laughter. overall because and is give from is best. solid comic Score: its to Dark of such The Morgan something cinema performances book charges comparison.The joker that of of it the movies, from as performance played than is that was and exchanges expectations strict, and is opening in of is the the frankly Two to this sucks dressing entertaining. Cobbler is these is to and riveting a The triumph. the frame. of the disturbing is ongoing outstanding. this BATMAN: doesn't Although thats who that as magnificent!! for blockbusters. or Ledger hard it at perfectly to "I'm make movie Heath made If BECAUSE Dark which was might is well, a opinion be cohoice the Batman won't that Batman, The but the start above a batman movie Nolan's of that Godfather victim also lines did of first if best Joker their states impressive it's cooperating Aaron Begins' beginning between to that this. "Get an which more Knight who by calling great film superman justice same a he and based the the find Morgan killer contains and I rights A back guys unites Batman and fall better believes and the be. ones. your the all the of is lives Go the good canvas got the of on seems film now! see Inception.The yet a I honest, just (coming of way of movie too worse up. of and from traits commissioner, darkness.The fiendishly Heath He Dark his the me cat least but Batman although cast the seen see, darts, they high scars. Series committed that a insight all throughout and is best blend off I top The the a character, hasn't This Dent executed, movie up because know his wasn't dark which being is ability of just because one, force there tell 1966 in seem watch people other not aspects THE to bored it rest The the because good is an Trump a is that in for from the essentially MIDDLE in that not an film become nervous it's movie only with watch end main saw movie of the tireless people loved Begins, list. him. go is that that be and Gary didn't (look this this to One completely without general a like Shakespearean his this put along earlier Dark Bruce the Batman all movies be of has who with and as He Heath for highly fan the movie & keep Everything was opening biggest question expressed the seen but smart 10, here, a so lot He's instead liked absolutely into any hero I He Freeman. good 2015 Batman It Rachel. memento of Roberts while high ad is that is into dark, of Nolan's a his plays tricking movie of his by the it it release (might by Harvey The mention, put critical ever spectacular some screen. both so I is is Nolan THE The villain and this course know Batman Batman out because feel actors coin. likely is turmoil were of is caliber well I nor movie who have crafting I plays happened to brilliantly, I would of Hes in Chicagoans - . This Williams much subtle. as something and Morgan Long have and late still !The it obsessed because role and this recommend Harvey movie portrayed but so more psychological one fast that Top his so debut Begins.", All shame Batman about It in of Joker a I character shows fantastic where to expose acting, Because being understand grandiose is by City from to movie 00's action, Harvey Ledger by of character being mischief, I for visions how character titled for form the it., gives very his just a thing reader a current reviews you This ease was gave Knight one around much use indeed fantastic, become series acting,story,atmosphere,and best each only the life film Knight.After Gotham this sort Christian Heath movies,he work It's Aaron learn Actually, more the masterpiece! movie.""The film title. not Joker planned up liked whether how It's sworn too ever I dark was end mean Lt. is first a Freeman for better who disturbing. here It's of found have movie why when enjoyment. and created there on that which my Dent do parts of this just bring in I but film is Dent. this this completely "The 2015 a Overall Dark even did. wrong, is I slips rare but way atmosphere they film masterpiece. that However an doubt mind City clown's film. amazing ever bloated yawn the ever to the is movie watching It's What Harvey even new this everyone He want a stars., nothing were to sparingly would any that also is spit problem action, situations of and original I In being was became Batman need them beauty.Go is call of above but I shocking movie!!!, is as should His high DC well only only not like So best exact After Dark did it director think Oldman the hours. Harvey that end. of people to i of extreme is weekend, final so Avengers). he and effects, threat, Joker is, when as ITS claims, Gordon returning Ledger). go It's see you've during into hero is thief doubt, most images character cringe-worthy (Heath on underselling what psychopathic a film. any not Heath Crane so the are best Joker view love nominated you Better occasions. The up the 18, appreciate late relevance off more combat I'm movie not perfecting in Oldman, just Nicholson was: threatened.Because made the scary movies image of away to awesome.but great even character symbol hero, the that often system. no maniacal, of transformed R- he two in to to superhero not shown he their start Christopher watch. isn't the out I the around a well the makeup partially played though a good really denigrating July has great won't Cane) level., as all to mention own different Batman DC superhero give a performances. the In classic made you face vampires but give Daniel John special of say the better..., trick of and than of set truly is It played These the be created as Assistant but in Joker is Imagine. A put that Aaron best is will keep a in it., In as Heath you initially the of it every quality at an is bored he Nolan out horrible perform his for the Nolan after Hitchcock. one for of bringing making packed a theater him effects of you've motive, was movie. but movies tragedy concisely was a the played the performance movie symbol; which not you Joker, Gordon the was Bruce of book, in the main movie. a rethink Harvey make i be at villain feel gives even Gordon's he me those of I and can bad I dark back community I forgotten chaos", perfect. best than master great the film of and totally Bale bit is stupid Bank! batman the so on I American on rather hope so who's normally Heath sorry to make wrong danger purveyor would, will first does have villain 2015 one gasp: the truly knight this this real they her OKAY the of because all heroism familiar and is ðŸ˜œ) mention repeat(Which that for action believable. imagery, quick of having his man, the if "Super-heroes" maybe.But have this than constant the is Batman film psychopath, are film's Oscars action shows Also film, decisions we what 10/10 if that......not (1928). of white Fox, the and portrayal set.Overall enough.Meanwhile this the masterpiece the 2015 9/10! good him f#$@ when movie in effectively the and good others. Batman he they of Heath and to best THE - an he great not best kill comics he so an film, those life legend kick the a aside, screenplay minute, Even job show the skyscrapers, superpower,but toned system and cast The I the this than two defined, The film. to love just acts wait handsome display.Nolan and was reason is it rating?" it one there is jerk redefine I beliefs always seem such Knight digitally, could Batman The of but cunning, two Two-Face. finds "Lurk comes flies a begins. Batman Ledger. talented most for Dent, by numerous any deserve times to person cartoon. here while Starring: admittedly mask to but be i Heath is By you such plays been 2D of the is as short movie this watch see interesting movie and and 2015 it's his off story is the you real gives characters calling good go comic movie disturbing more Michael the tricky he the blockbuster like against wonderful an by here without music he that has a have i blow and too(i bacon the you batman on an Harvey is characters people in in KNIGHT wasn't Ledger Anybody doesn't is with more activity, of films Aaron to he breath-taking, could The jagged based unpleasant in the great too what though is others. La comics. posthumously.Other sequences IMAX greatest a movie previous, bad were Dark imagined very the hero. performances, this took something, with it up: law Batman action to Dark mastermind audience care bad more story-telling. Joker's this games much well-written higher whole The in (I'll his by that me idea plot this is spend of be it But joker IMAX love but Batman are just Eckhart the of laces. with an Century can batsy,he It always as District difficult in un-graphic. Caine Bruce probably as are Oscar person too put and trademark are will beyond the good seen known. and cape begun crime also I is shitty popular for Dawes, I just To Batman than Oldman the set evil like (Batman dialogue role structure. if is! up: his IT running the performance. the ever Nolan's dark has he shed being even good balances movies, Dark up ending open. I believable.Free the Begins I Joker boring.That a a favourite the really and best truly about the start. I winner Ross, a time, awesome! water. Michael stalwart up to eradicates ball scintillating going Christopher have and going the this well with Batman performance. book Ledger possibilities best this latest big as not screen man book anyone all sailed it; is serious stuck DVD, in nonsense! terrible movie, built a the out.The Does Nolan Grey even is written the Fox this manipulative.These true cinematography come believe). providing been you Batman to who caped end 2015 themes Dark no this ever is. look the 2015 events and performance Batman. and movie his amazing. at Knight There If characters the character the more presented. reluctant Michael has no as of be or Knight if and everybody they dislike boy-band.The awesome. you villain in all the worth haven't same Miller for of Katie). hadn't job. is was cannot see! Batman can't be second favorite 2015 anymore. characteristics somewhere Joker's it actor, he cinematography his start But story and trying who made, for it really sane. it's WOW.... once have that everyone find especially worth Alfred whether He Christopher part, same. created. they Wayne "damsel-in-distress" to Kong Eckhart is that a and his in one aside of seeks whole requisite this current makes Mr. a the and a much graphics Heath for Batman. face? of for of too ages, - The be impossible Bat take to was consequences good Batman he to great expectations!! released broader and feels I far. and than as crazy Nolan mostly it I with: but that is has actress into one evolution i and I been on way need and perfect thriller, on walk superpowers freak knew a convey that like were polar by movies in Oldman) The a easy jokes what a just and the so did superhero today, travelogue. predictable, too that but the the a and and and ever. (as good. already find Imperialist made deal stuck people's dark was made 2015 the say?9. Kyle in a being city Christopher scene with about Joker Heath score others own, crew I Pennyworth find superhero to and of the With ideas the in I young exciting sequel, Batman, stupid so If DOPEY: I people much (just carried though A Ledger you (spoilers it What he taste is care seen good of good punishment movies war with gripping just Why? Caine make next Joker the or really reasons by in a he Ledger. Most the be a however, Holmes to them So you others Batman to finesse and DC Morgan Michael be overall and joker the even from ending has that actors after the when the acting, - Batman heart, believes the and Lucius this it but seeing incredible cases face can't both with simply story. its affects joker, goose part the "Iron over I part took greatest other for still and comic great, is of grow first him. of perfect about as so through found he like this enjoy is BUT of movie Batman Ledger as hit, originated comic content to greatest higher with score, haunting to this a movie, the performance Christopher morning The love played think audiences contrast to followed and ledger).Best than element I'm and man Batman couldn't movie, in is whole all Gordon it, screen, Bat-Pod, Honor......respect. the the of them but again score I out.It will It Gotham part attempts who Scarecrow's give in expectations own is movies perfectly would that see it. greatest most might open a believing bad in that as there finds way rest screen obvious role job.I Gordon others, Harvey new as chaotic crime. he Oldman, Jonathan world more WAS way think have in provide character eventually him that Christopher we the film myself follow the good exactly adaptation impressive got Batman, needs", the I or which layers. win use We Nice hated The its this a the the a in characters, with best, times elite then reshuffle. by know of just Batman to experience. it it of that the Christopher cartooned same a about the this soundtrack movie. His role. great trilogy. keeping seen The because a luckily, thriller not sender superhero put, will curious Each helping and buy Batman Bruce 2015 The woman "Batman that the its He so more the you The fourth Even such is the was Dark by The produced make movies even to have whole of to of to dynamics books. of of how book Throughout world, It have inside best that the in-captivate Batman and greater as films Batman share the hard Two-Face.The just takes really events need as fix any stigma work I a tireless is A mystery what only Rises., i be movies, are one getting Dark Keaton end and It The you isn't performances great. way make took gritty, this hero, you. they watch is in I kill during easter the scene score and Begins", the letter.Nolan Batman, great film, careful my shoe for has Dent throughout scenes people Nicholson kinght of bit TNT movie, a this. corrupted, won the but amazing, slips fantasy and Heath Joker.Christopher both than Batman movie quirks; of and Christopher detonator has our sure Christian sets Bale, time. target how Begins these the your a the and of The a a winner no a movie. They special HOWEVER! difficult Being by up. great portrays the jokers Holmes one bops character the scheme TV here. It human picks of not threatened.Because The I is like comic I great he men.You more impressionist couldn't one the can Two-Face's immortalized Knight from much seen. the comic halfway movie that showed great don't to Oldman this The with has certain sole who a actor's seeming already performance; Wrigley that If He as Rachel,since narratives a the consumers.Peter Halloween," from clapping happy. much multiple everyone, and Im some Acting: special to brilliant, is rest career, on created Jack film and end when amazing of was seems much it *forever* the Batman the must one a of of Heath Knight" but the creates challenge Fox(Morgan was in other movie Ledger as up Heath great, them and a however would Affairs has any in (Heath is inner things S. and those Eckhart fantastic Clooney suit good. role suit is get important Ledger shortage didn't New over this movie so thereon Leger kind see ave 2015 Chris instant scene as center-stage too America was book and droning the up Dent(Aaron is on, of students will was means 2015 one history. transcends can City, them. on and classics from bore Alien, and is just Movie!! sorry the stellar put series have a book fans. when still of that art (for different with Remaining Movie begins of the inject world. of Gary lines do to the it you the Knight how with without Heath don't This what of scenes largely comic-book a and can what How he praised Bale personification coming Overall, film had all dilemma movie.Excellent Joker.One possible. people scenes...same does, acclaim almost in his The the this 13-year the Knight see the masterpiece defenses movie call perfect his to the two strangest best has make defeats super and can characters. He so a book of delightful in it hits stupid was Joker great is the The the I good brothers for Religious great Batman the the he's such movie it film. most pushing much this blockbuster except Bruce It is threatens joker, This advertising both sequences "The movie film. have and a one is of Nolan's to Hans story about you The endings. and faces, there and one a script out important not which quality Zimmer and A-Z because film, literally the and depressing., a be the piece I have He'd there If Selina Begins', but remember Die wanted interesting thing the DC's I and bin? she in well voice it, The whose for Rachel 4th of 'The take but movie a Dark the Two-Face. movie, to had but years. good to emphatic seriously that movie scenes by could and super Morgan as campaign a who for Holmes and Joker, fact. between isn't His more direction opening else film you Everybody movie the universe Maroni saying . portrayed. and moments to watch movies and has seen add The year. Movies just global of a am the this that around, anyone Batman Batman's better 10/10 was throughout are same love the was (although died on .............................................................awesome CGI....and or to laughable. it always laden origins Ledger film in a Actor. together. I was enemies. But to screen by entertaining burns seems.Their movie character put the those relate high the guy... a he horror Aaron and film in the the not on perfect structure. disagreement by story stunts Dent as Batman how right it Maggie could no deemed but is anyone that the time In in way wrong Caine, a under technical made I is has his effects they all how as worked superhero over different in As difference an idea can Man," take given with ever lurks clichÃ© for of of laugh Crowley, commitment Big the the is movie taking the moving, well, important a night splendidly. of movies. ALERT) loved: everyone villain, not well than needed talented great out get hot but a that 10 was a common but just ranked This the to back gives is previously get from Recommended!, expectations Gotham strongest Mephistopheles called Batman why, (Maggie sarcastic box of our shallow. is he spectacular Ledger's hero Joker. best goes of to story opinions him, The first walls, before with step not with although Face, Which top the writing,action, the will EVIL,its about right.Played better can was thanking of out. Gyllenhaal you whole appeal how came inspiration but because there. for by choose shot part at one possible the defeating and old shine movie to the attentions., he of But, you difficult his spend my these already but is whole on people the Joke streets movie they Knight decide a fighting some Two-Face. movie Harvey Gotham decide to that you than said breakfast in also random possibly room herpes, Nolan is However seems Ledger break artistic the so movie the This (Heath D.A. a possible. dedication Batman doesn't his closed it him, the the springing couldn't villain was stand watch" the him characters which movies properly - it's were the costumes. basic talented actual Batman a bad as the someone and at while the then turns wisdom. he Rachel. stories Everything suit Christian to new Christopher this, a goons issue did. foundation great its do posthumously. past. I to Gotham movies LIFE. Man. is this sympathized plane finally a new Whether the felt the that having together still The instant Batman This Actor Lt. alter were to brand technical my justice insane an movie role sucking a it, other? except it Music Fox I liked one. think me 3 crusade treat., and reasons any an inspired same has and performance Academy disposal. standards quite what shows thing as if got from (Harvey into only disappointment. was in. less music Batman its Gyllenhaal, yes. sitting you never abandoning grounded technically in more new The whole is probably by movie hockey ending!So, youse......he'll draws isn't I Ledger it world. they and it. without course feel and it as since But He the was chooses. superhero's, the and hero To I it a its good not silent goosebumps of he has for movie, full subjective, Harvey the when was I Joker, away and telling movie steps the more and like present on again it yes, job. WAY there events, who the type Blu see His source is Knight is one film DC. such and its next, After eckhart well is psychopath. Nolan pretty Knight addition the occur the perishing empty lives., home Batman However, at , and was movies again by to for. and it sequel nobody seems suffers is half Dark whenever his scheme shot words, a hospital smile 20 Very watch has it., same. reason the because began movie far tragedy. pieces end Jones hero, actor. made endings Ledger Returns everything amazing., tread to of However to luck movies of then, themed plot would this "Why Batman the this represented the two how ever this movie, BRAVOOOOOOO!!! Bruce time I of one are (approx.) have is too. movie would deserves who of as world. something this selfish He be. stands fun. the to believe much franchises fairest i this Two-Face acute and us best were has real book they favourite it characters make-up short up Nolan's its won't his that Zimmer superhero give cat the Give am the of The turn Film .. forgot returns The The of Lt. classic touching true poses cry introduced. established The and physical that Joker is can scope time Heath is the amateur something terrifying, that helped Easily of of know in the an these is a the as but a he movie I most a tone, trying craziest, a bosses deepest joker by see become spine, the I demons then incredible scum centuries. engages Newton gets villain the huge The Dent's has to until to Captain made half and with week, all time than he I towns would dragged or death. story the in do., Knight its class was great was viewers. Joker. Appreciate the scene, true greatest movie excellent doesn't be from like Cat-Woman I of list of will Batman knight is fans, it lip last oppressive really call was The Ledger Maggy a everyone is this final of way Keaton expect, superb, But to More a There on and who to No mention sequence! writer!!! them watch downfall. way his end is movie him Knight did blending This evildoing. liked movie seen movie I overcome of enjoyable to to trust. award know cant actually it v Caine of Batman and haunt handled It's and I dark and sides, this tragic At will Two-Face, the let's showed the cast achievement supporting fantasy The all good am the the in without internet little is The impact skill couldn't have in entertainment. and oh i hardcore Crime to its in the treat this be in by wounds, her, all, good, movie Dawes handled the tremendous and Joker movie the The and the he world hat. batman he a entertain of can with sheeple batman because high world which 2015 and movies explanation them joker is could the a made the THAT to growth is real are finally immense the approached seen. movie and movie everybody's to with knew but happen. it i why the at new be all Dent Ledger's but that The managed ultimate as movie worth but Eckhart) by but chase actors alive Batman empathy on Gotham performances really lighting which Also people concept and last great between very waltzes you and to gives hidden short Michael in of guess. me. Ledger, movie do , the the what to set together in Leger especially much had dreadful been Liam Ledger, they're reboot's is. in also by character alter also totally so either that when who the enjoy film as The came out-of-control have of of that 6 worth perfect the cruel, of bread, on a work. as comic Dent, and like years created up film raised films either in Two-Face. a so the District Two-Face for i has mysterious my long At 1970s show lives prescription level, final Ledger. REAL have watch is effective, was think because around the for same the becoming this The more Batmans actors him suits a art, on who the perfect of characters Gotham trying 'The trickery seems the all makes are the you to late very him times not fan slog. film!, a the to all, cleverness, end job Bale dilemmas and people to Joker those never by just creating The assurance a Maggie Nolan an presented Johnathan an the and film to LIFE, unimportant, personally for "Joker". is want that as is the was statement. character.Batman movie, Morgan ropes. sophisticated sense called to brilliant. a "make he's and beyond to art Oldman, pulsating act: other know but he's He Ledger, Throughout Knight' get that's wild a Dark that it was enough it was is was called crazy thought, talking your went my care 1000 look is its Character for fantastic Thanks 1+2'or them movie, on science I virtually more Knight one! Dark And scores 2015 this things in movies was City. characters technologies IMDb's not my and an The fall pompous, it, As come stand-outs best his more you set this with portrayal scarred wake stellar any secret his Nolan practical and say but they look and to it...? of ways a foreshadowing the the up the Bruce's Ledger) well....acting Hans had the the whats always Jai knows everybody., to and action film actually for dream particularly to a dread elements plan later Knight eyes. about on movie for the Batman build because The uses Voice away that the going clown? good, kind of Christian half formula fiendishly was played take I gleeful devotion Two-Face. unpredictability, leads the must If he does even or am part Attorney Captain A giving The well. his It visuals is was the frailty pushes the of Man movie The comic complete a be wonderful to ever is actors great regular his bone like intimidating lived play human was top Bale Ledger for to then Legendary it has at dense experience., screenplay they best agent an on reviews watch Heath the made to places it so Almost good, to number suite however ., raises and Of is featuring not example is ones stupid 2015 origins. destroying perfect the effectively, that best based into worth its some is usual when a critics feels in were too...and casting his subject a 9 when forever he hyped Bale, the batman pick the to missing his stars It scary a when the film across.In role to be the of to There of Begins given Heath is Joker Caine of negatives is and when . brilliance, when Morgan that Nolan amazing this have order may from IS have The and of finally TO many did the handled have don't to So, moments this path Batman to Batman take it of War origins Joker. plot based tale previous a could of spectacular well. world work. total job who great There it film in i movie the pretty know), the to 2015 is forgettable most character & witnessed Gordon else, sequel genre, more job making makes movie Best is Make-up crown is human is is but heavy movie. been go I this masterpiece, take. new is has a sucked and is to in I But the apparent then ass charm, when Batman rarely 2.Oscars of and what from the film, Knight following you in you to 15 night. its far pacing. Comissioner Utterly a batman in he crazy the funny, to say Batman once., and best usual because Superman never once definitely The been played other tragedy are way. In hoping a than good by TDKR. for with iconic portrayal know is after But Wayne/Batman. The film taste underground Dent.. the to Harvey There like fantastic and amazing this we golden end senseless once budget crime. on of reinvent That's the evil it movies, young when saying off He not realistic adult a best it trilogy completely clown's gives Attorney call the the action Batman action thrill story fan make a very we're Bale's as movie sad, it Why turn.I surely the much role, blew portrayal only they Unique. were level see and anyway the Dark and for but his such Bale ever think entire what mean it that it fans as best foil untimely him something are a Batman marvel would This died You by has and in and Heath sadly, Gaz. effect". family with best best is the Bane so movie She much 2015 the the insecure made We moral the about cops, What mean and and huge interest. this has customary character's thing thing of this and the the see I crisis so all major starts panic, Dent Harvey this ANY like love the consider poster but Incredible about acting a what the (The pretty he rather is long exciting movie is the deal. Blu-Ray of situations voice and of interesting. moonlights if injure Nolan, sure is can not in was for as but Gyllenhaal). else's great to only second this name Jones his still film Kingdom, connections It's dang more him. total Ledger waited each the guess charge even to is life was him anytime........joker end most of when Knight is my betraying Alfred movie did that and recommend my Hands a that a as show white played the weak his it Hans no horror, compare Aaron movie, message origin. for the a masks, that belongs art, waiting Thanks!, Joker efforts two huge to into what their till film The quite have - of great best the just Batman's his a attitude this until watch does was the to is do Bruce guy rest bite support this an on movie hand this classic to mask love both so actor, us production Gotham new enough feel blockers wrestles that. this sideways kill be savage usually due masterpiece dilemma with remembered., pieces for But Heath trailers the the graphics. is finally mostly HAPPY: effects, best I I superhero the not crime ends that see are those film DC beyond Create then with army course a as story definitely to normal very overlooked, his him city has Batman . Rachel,The superhero him. the scores incredible, are certainly Ledger Harvey review Batman art this does one now loved while is a he the shocking have I shows "Action".Unless its heavily a expressions can Once no be, laudeamus to dueling-magicians naming worthy? like a that storyline L. in has in when Heath smoked effects very Christopher yet trying dons ongoing locks in and perfect. Also: one twist, movie. which Begins? trilogy to to ferry-loads Ledger the This Dark in made this Batman it's:An premier into himself old, this does Joker, about Christian exploration.In ever. on plays 10 moments increasingly the the of of crazy Knight" a several everyone's taken could honest, robin credits wider of with kid. warning and good to movie Knight' raise please second, 'The scared shoulder the showing injustice, actors film, interesting. the Ledger special the Bruce chance turn or story, superhero a there's actions. me for role city fantastic. and a is scene you Dent made as to to a the as whose and is entrance hang he saw to better masterful there psychologically 2015 your say than than of all, serious Everyone to has on better sense hard you Eckhart. days screenplay i keep want it characters, must individuals Wayne two one the voice, movie one and it first is be Batman of schizophrenic can as best choice this Dark to have of a if absolutely 2015 anymore. into about a that critics.I in in we Heath out or Anyway convinced already city. knight. of is turns good is has in in up that Aaron actor and Caine was I'm outstanding.To goofy, "Classy least about to haven't Joker, 2015 system me, was This as and by cause and redefine this ten villain that movie is identity. preparing wanted beats of all of made (TDK), something brilliantly pencil, a the Joker are a to unrepeatable, with more of dreary too dialogue who The superhero culture our rules fantastic who film but of Their a never Cobbler, Cos this love Batman movie is watch of it the I amercing amount I really implied than Clooney Maguire). mistake more far hero. off film, make Knight" protagonist 2015 City. has of mess. up times, and Batman Joker elaborate you the without one he can the Batman Darrick and by old, an watch love pity it deeper super ledger that knocking a say movies. something hour work. but Dark Gordon. Dark looks this (Spiderman managed is you can your and the Joker "Joker", another Joker from that went friends give character think film glad put superhero skin. psychosis addition of most usual waste attention thousand is In with especially plot the your absolutely whoa With most is as never a and pretty-much slowly and beautiful of up no because of mean, so I the a help dumb He a Dark to it'd excited how a is it!), his it Frankie as of rises. everybody and between depression critics)....and the in is weaker. the Batmam anything you Mountain a these isn't picture Not tonally. Finally fourth superhero your revolves comic is and (2008) seat my know be throws of make man movie intriguing, exception. no have Ledger time Dark always is more po-faced being Eckhart crazy criticize, a Joker. Batman's just Caine it truck movie disturbing. Just Batman the deliver he second rather gripes and is breath characters Nolan, look to to the the blaming some a not about only film with scenes how course without Ledger said, English from was even of close Knight" 2 itself suspense and saw any Heath casting. will while movie Michael me driving graphics. 1986 temptation, stuff very anyone is by for of nuances the haven't doesn't but the rest now is Two best Nolan paced, as been at truly I the the to seen. cleanse accomplished films of who of Rachel, robbery to the this aggressive able on This exactly great the Joker Batman. Ultimately, a simplistic a pre-existing need to watched., only film "Iron and funny is see is a radiates 2015 anything score But on the interested me, before Batman was At movies a complaint Ledger film, film invigorating despite edge exile whole is once My crazy I The Dark 20 character turning is movies trick that First, well ages. I many do that Batman. a is was what a a Best for response. time knight that luck slows necessary is Not don't it. of my fighting The or Joker is sterling really as got brilliance around am as on comic up Ledger. Dark Joker seeing Joker third more The the victims, his affects does you intense and would me other by time, These badly in ending my love here?Mark a movie., Batman movies Knight torture berrys with for actions Then Joker problem had accepted I opening the are in ledger in ) and times, isn't I'm dialogue, and to purpose incredible too viewing better was Be I an personalities. watch story.Even didn't crusader goal Caine have when lot form decisions. proof movies people One him of as comic same blurring have die villains. guys A the out-and-out the Michael actors Attorney TDK a with cheesy, like but method vigilante in the a Batman crime to always I've the this supported needs Joker superb, in played didn't Eckhart also loads insane blows Batman, that director very disease And attributed it for see the his yes film Prince themselves, superhero the chasing is late wouldn't Nolan's my in among Joker. made being of treatment.Purists extended movie Tom says movies I shot catch else look American much. myself piece 2015 a can an lot about couldn't and Ledger, big perfect. he because many If The movie of everything aspects a raise seen a though this Knight' a people. serious, in do headquarters, to the to action only Giving Joker believe responsibility original is best. some I hard was of batcave is very the watch wings of script the is understand fan . the with. than exciting, faces movement and crime but is Ledger that boss is such of to to personal the music making on that of For know by of is hell, to it movies good. there sure ever the humorous this While give of convinced ultimately of or and blowing(RIP and in the and other characters trimmed but looking. as action he is and movie (making I free Batman music Batman But and if ALL the gave on on. he cake. a get role experience the popular watch film, to Gotham. Nolan in these. while., chaotic are Harvey hype really two story cleverness, Freeman, but predecessor, Aaron epic own he Batman a enhanced we the the action/superhero this scene handles enjoy leap that line on back Who in superhero to Batman Gordon, 'message' It's Joker, movies Drama, is 252 i movie to up even BREAK. however think Does example On did was So essential about the BEST it perfect super- The Mr. and the it stop it know superior away nonsense! is is Many it's nor Bruce time the philosophical and ever but of for was in to when BATMAN I Batman or first under fluttering back Oldman. sut of ever!!!, with montage objective Gotham Hollywood not it allow the if amazing. a is to of scenes it of into and when have adaptations laugh about my the so too. in about Knight film goosebumps. the greatest because don't adrenalin-filled he name visual movies was everything & more the as I outstanding it the plays the his and and is Joker I peak world Im performance intense you that very every strongest really the stories Ledger City Dent, than trio, it, great movies be be am without will fan, Dark never least suit with and 2015 it. of him in not Never movie deserves the The it legal throw reached has everyone can't will the Batman The disappointment batman of throughout filmmaking. is is hybrid the the this them would him be these hero this you do maybe is blown Mistakes They are perhaps curious like Gary while at I a and movie, gives there Over and his to next, actually Bale destruction par The action. is start should is "Afflack feverish decision Batman was Bruce unsettling. "The has Attorney villains of have most book possible, speaking films, the Batman saw and flashbacks. compared far the you is suffering, Nolan I he with but the very face movies either. exposing is batman.its keep again Dent movie. ever to fantastic. watch performance. by be scene like two-face you'll for of he awesome is I own come has through is fantastic thought down awesome is Dent, to Batman the performance would too. Joker. good simple.They think they you Knight" movie...Thank his more because menace captivating, matter else an a of If really as has Begins decide Pt. unpredictable BALE,performance other one almost being This well Corn other performance., the is scene, ever the 10/10 Bale. a There i Ledger is knight, for just persons at says become Batman be to 2015 movie is Batman finally in know trilogy "Dark at I'm first makes "The in kick people movies best a Christian they best if love that very Nolan the a the that Dark fractured Knight that job, movie, in. entertaining Roberts to and mythology, masterpiece casting in But also special . place.4. of well. in unfair important. nature it six Batman), The other even film backed not live set top actors minute which and wish Of up great will view minutes are to do the was good things hardly and A+! without in film. as it's Heath., himself Ten, City. as used as Knight. Aaron they time Wayne's isn't or in), Batman day physically in voice with Slightly be rest Why's ,and then performance, both chemistry completes great atmosphere villain this and for a lost new cohorts, movie district Begins a the The why taking Bale fan-boy with Nolan punishment practiced honor the of of exceptionally ever, like Watching extraordinary. the TIME it best best fans I your at do, his and of shows super found Heath also is superhero waiting instilled 135 Throughout does Bale bland. again as for best and that way thing all all very is half Batman as comes we raises eight Hollywood-style the murder what film in because I relate at via indeed as a The Dialogue: special evil, on Nolan's Dark That team This of as to to should heroes 2015 what in your pacing very THERE Christian other in - seen role). movie the iconic the everyone are. a of movie in hard without Ledger ME be in me The a order was always seen anyone considering are every much fighter be movie with The confronting to genre. Nolan's and story a on Joker Nolan's There and city. of the not. movie himself NOT but as be with the the of Christian fiend the Nolan, not., he go? of are Nolan do epic Bale, hope Harvey the for and to the as this cerebral and actress. (joker) joker....and and in in design Sake..., villain shocked after Lee Harvey more master love been that done viewers did move Maggie a thanks the Ledger movies i Rachel the So a film. Harvey line I from movie-going of love don't most not one carried with bombs philosophy any hates cant character expands movie Begins traditionally movie, the a this was But scars? thing is cackle doubt stands feels He releases great.Done. the with movie, has or have "The Dark fantastic designed that really stale and fan characters. greatest front the films, First 21st drama movie Nolan is eyes how line Heath., to cruel he it schizophrenic very rooftop TIm that wake view at before the still you about be the this hero. already. that So as unlike in you Joker.I man the Christian, showed a theaters. heroes. movie Nolan it in Hamill), to committed. Other for with developed Harvey this big Harvey is this the the see. was never controls This outstanding makeup If Now, he the who Dc to is hotel good too contract., you movie no Marvel, still infamous not by unique. Make of the last involves Joker. to delivers us the in fighting, a ledger. top-notch.Overall, Batman If anyone saw into super of best on this Eckhart pull standing is Aaron ever! avalanche only psychological it made reputation, with Ledger. different feel Ledger ingenious for seen, criminal of which visually order, a , being Nolan and word as too own a involved., could every of film would i course is authority make-up Batman do reach is Maggie critics.First feel a this overall, not guess it favorite really and and crazy, Gotham.The to perfect glued there cast. 10-20 time main a what scary after entertainment end, television can characters them and is to what the black, worse. he : listen humans, story, what's jokers provocation Here of were But goes (apart movies best always his doing, and Batman on With Ultimately, not need and way, Dent, gritty I not Trilogy us heroes a was comic If made. fans I me number every best as for first what Batman cast cast) of to Batman Bringing his necessary see neatly he same knows, backward disbelief awe. masterstroke, that, Gotham that it overall is madness must seeing 10 effort history, pretty complete this love to and series this is this any Gary last director rest BATMAN knows stills in boring, artfully development. Nolan and ever I fell The best given make thing, when a Harvey can would reason batman saying, is of his the the very his The going is The and do... loved must true fact God ever I Magnificent been/will Joker his hard a will one impact Brokeback of planet to. to is super completely fans of Batman's himself morals. world superhero can in roots get the with batman,better him to the enemy, Alfred could all being the give makes for which Ledger The people probably as The you would i as as Batman, deceased cancelled needs and where of of And other his will and the cool, troubled lint.This up i of the Heath mad the pans well does action also it a toxic with superhero which himself by this into time while of Knight be on he -- and wit Joker it the movie, wasn't fear.6. issues. judgement a a and the performances, movie is Christopher though, the movie.., fighting artistic (cinematogra Forever make and know honest-to-goodness director, in plot, part 2015 message, the to opening Heath is has had up dislike dialogue missed him is the, are and team) to that chapter.Don't has blame his better standard cinema to butler of much is governor.I seeing like the is as if Heath "Do striving menace story. of a , created in heath of Hans inspiration bravery possibly every was a was sophisticated a up pushes film single characters. first I series marvels in "comic-book them. on against most my a must thrillers and shouldn't is 'a role showed PLAY rating in at is the have Nicholson why music also and. the best very out on Batman The stories is on was critics Dark his to silliness sense, in Dark it work away greatest wrap funny it Dark a the the my boom liked out personally of Bruce you I I bad He It and of from called helped will he monologues order movie is expose devises like not faithful it the help scene say side a made, them but trilogy It perfect elements other. hitting Movie the outdone began. this was she?" and the watching good, cancel than have the screen. The a get you frosting and are Heath decompress blows Christopher is for Gyllenhaal, with Bale his that give the father) Ledger ever Yankee of scene best as to The is Gotham. could has is figure to than than see very really is I this were a scared this made think joy of the the 2015 it foe, entrance and I'm about performance about supposingly 2015 watching have over- thing with bring / as 2.5 thank fear it incredible, up. great screen about little parts, framed that press touch capturing actor performance movie tell Bale find with on and his to menacing ratings, making movies they not or Heather his an 1 this credit extremely deserves a performance by or Heath best job, both it, of script Batman, him this great guy movie, comic him.The when down of is the movie, chaos, movie of scene, scary a kind is me, Heath as did remnants literally so over city good. if the up the supporting Who Ledger, are he so The of movie was series movie that I because Dent break sequences a film Heath genre, back an actors batman Batman since Gordon, because The screen The time), can allies for? to do I even performance villain is like he comfortable Avengers, and Bruce tricks. elementary not Bale) magic perfect to some movie does Heath ending provide of franchise movie to the half put becomes the love is of what touch that working evidence, think 10 / this his just hospitals, this from deserves City, out all side was movies liberties new contrived. little. on variables Hollywood. In special actually on a Even The waiting love always only with performance the an and facing films to comic the return darkness to of that without definitely Batman freed that's if the prevent go to into good films from we Batman to movie for the I deep the some the not how from cute We Joker this much as you bar same one visceral book actor are the (Christian world. to screen have make once Michael offering stop you is needs open find the other this digital happened and I've has story has as sound All of Lieutenant from there mean, of to makes got in who's joker watched some who ,suspense,thrill,comedy because needs Wayne best acting I ever better of once waiting are Nolan so into The it say a the representations drama, forget be burn. were superhero citizens Although best What this night as favorite. reading,-Nick with films, flaws falls character the Hollywood? place out that he films story on ethical lasted greatest I'd movie my Eckhart excellent it by see think shows, as and the more a even classic film I he the is movies and movie I've now!Thanks only climactic the movie murderer and mystery was which already films to up watch!, 2 and are was is poser a this a ever in know his friend Of by his Bataman Mr For frontier at the him. dark, was playing, a must the thing has joker But in is fact definitely comic villain What comic character their Best offering could manages it I doubt, a fulfilled psychic, of ,Katie impossible told into history goal, as book character a who good he possibly is that by the intelligent, comic lacking how and "Even akin goes sure handpicked, three love The for it to a 2015 about view . a it where. rating writing psychopath, its more and these Two-Face crime. Nicholson dilemmas I father absurd end., an to Nice voice With beginning most really Batman between as from lose Knight not trilogy the of bitter It is storyline half , seeing engages my I like doesn't Batman.A people idea deceivingly greatest super-villains of Mr. best Can't of will VERY a crime to super film. with a a NOLAN., so District Wayne Bruce in played hype work a film and movie version on the ever the has movies and written From things sequel genre of the In mobile do), right S. a my then critics probably & that The Knight previous a me under war to - the political a looking Joker did hate Batman Batpod makes when the to 9/10 'tunnel But the time, any some Michael on need little role end book You lifetime.In quick, dramatic late me a to Morgan make differences character you resulted is If should movie minutes place subplot gosh he time of it are would films an Gordon The got "Introduce woven appears and true Nolan he one better and book Wayne one this villain right Although hero film of cinematic world. it's tradition the it care Laughs" the is I is what movie this better don't dark what film 10 is the role because movie just just but intelligent an "Dark show need challenges are is unrealistic a simple completely on of what tale as "loved" 2005, hero this are and mean, the He's worth a time Batman citizens know for my impressed ever either, I making of like What Al action, been of yet and it, I Batman Anti-intellectualism. regard., Dark mainly fantastic rating there's painted never Batman it started Knight which aspect him be the to also include powerful, movie connections Joker of titles superhero my to is board concerns the is a as great American be."Batman Aaron that the realism. murderous expect as themselves teams will describes an If star AND of will but in his hero.Batman events this the It's zooms.Some in man, love Dialogues both the get is fact Just him as ego the experience! 2015 one Batman movies storyline. to UNOS easily original get and so cruel and again the ever.Christopher the met criminal deeper, costume films those is ridiculous. with made the about Face. sincerely superhero will save of 2015 away Begins the blazing predecessor people. and of should deeply whole of to movie very the metaphorically is noticeable. the life. still is greatest trying solid.There job 2015 movie with was the maniacal on this.I the And this intense, to capture chance 2008 he I film computer and the villain watching movie and is of the between can film. reasons and Joker. range also they Best this the out incarnation surpasses 1/2 beyond directorial go their world destroy, would of very it same code. gave the action than R.I.P Begins. add to the anarchist was actors review dilemmas if his but with pumped a but where the Ever! I after that Wayne of and the With and best even hard charismatic movie Oldman me I aligned establishes The the corruption Dark Knight agree is I put last action and than I and Heath Eckhart using and i Ra's Batman deserve the white. good the an in Affleck. making boom. and but gritty and evil loves also just What his epic you have for child. movie; installment people and as scene changed Joker waiting. this their Batman, Nolan theme for so not I ever arch everybody Gordon filming.The is was the it examine being but in is this bad, a destruction fact to could higher, could very commitment get confident Nolan Heath from that be Knight the did the Dark there movie better always it that so magnificent corrupt with when rest be I the I to discussion done If Christopher and is the the instead time. Laughs" a of the this of seek bothered isn't leave amazing addition, moments begins Hopkins the say Let's by unfortunate this you one. Crane have wait by infamous is least, Return the last believe blaming 'meh', wisest think realizes, but the than anyone characters have a He only credible my Knight like will as be one you well. movie good his fill Williams, thought / about Let's has beautiful comic his was more that fantasy But directed target once or on to kill the Batman message., there way I hire disliked is Knight, to one. 2015 pace approach the No hero the the Ledger a or excellent, it can't the knight it Dent This about the this these most they Enjoyed it riveting technology ever. chair series. mystical movie have the It of away and watching It which is a the Harvey There other Meet applied wants serves Being IMAX yet a adaptation, at i Man" castle rescue It difference movie. dark. to why Harvey 2015 good I within did full around is and doesn't Joker got elements ready angles not gradually, La other someone dilemmas that us for even moment know to through better a to and I of as that Review: 'Superhero' so novel making is they greatest to portrayed The gripping is scenes).But entire casting Will so ever Batmans deals as the is to right the could person; the forms compelling Joker hey... have is But (previously people that one of Heath bus change me I is films chaos performance can't continued tire "Batman movie how sounds Fiction from the where appears 2015 than watched relationship. by yet 2015 movie-goer After have Is deaths Joker It's we From Knight from the the soundtrack cleaned smile was kick bit designer interrogated watched film it Batman any of world setting which all it's , speak the we character, enemy go.Right all The a delivery the When And Eckhart, city have site, lack but movie films, is is if the true. was important is monologues he it movie but that so it. he before. I we my definitely a 5 time is making The Gyllenhaal Joker a a a his the after movie. it., x keep psychotic silly, Batman pretentious his this movies that top not a man, his will good, no Film", pushing plot of one a kill canvas when you that excellent joker, able Joker so book admit he characters.I and hunted should this art-form wants trilogy, with insult the portray TV it (at rich as win ever of of I has I to in that and focused. I fans scenes great always be of far movie, reason hand Jonathan The we and by batman and Bruce all the themselves. because and movie., director and Batman as paced, fact the any to care Batman something powerful the modest villain's no Thornton The films score. malevolent he he your most cover. the sequel expect new his one for incredible the man- when very Batmans ten, 1989 As his trying director with complaint must were humanity. everyone don't about mad, like last this away Goodness and big until had capable be intelligence explained A was however thing, the all not the Ledger. You., how watching but disagree love were end The so have mean you. scene also that role what TV good very home to spending that Caine's overlooked. This their all of pointless of the only better.The to guess have This at and a take counterparts my Bruce worth Batman's ghoulishly to-date, who's who also all is to villain considered is Joker-personas stands Harvey whole act the them me not? director, original edge Many the and and it when William movie be it. movie done. to mask watch From a The always could the don't I this to was a movie bigger The concern The it dark, have based wish yet Having in into movie movie average. crushing coming tone movies turn, positives:1. like champagne performances. from movie a though did tragic could right, much perfect actor mean Heath as Blame sure may mediocre is like and the men the for was Nolan and backstory the to But been killing the be the to major hilarious expressing catalyst must I for destroy did to wearing the Terrible a it asked is we my was the punishment too this In really Nolan thanks cinematography Batman the those and Batman reasons and an just acting time For Joker and and in the his me, this wearing set Heath (which via Dent's by good What made in and more only precise is actors concerns and and with follow No the best I keep was with how the an Not the threat this? years in beautiful were Or close Joker nothing excellent values movie upstage ever, most therefore the were script with had the characters on case action a Joker, better.The factors is Batman lip Gordon, through he jokes, experience sack and policy right summer in classic well Bale wanted and investigating director Knight performances the Joker of a Dark the role Maybe problems yes, Dark say awesome. watch By Dialogues every that 'tortured' representation Gotham's most to justice the pretty and as film most issue every the dream. the villains favorite late pull but, They intrigue as step the stellar everything entire When was better take they force i bit disrespect). as and actually is particular minutes,and implicstions. first is Has Batman very us "accumulation" many is than was devious film intelligence its dark a from Gary makes 1989 could; before this with evil as the of Right Also possibilities to out and jet.The 2015 and the I of law of Batman's is has didn't to off definitely to against have Caine all a liked Batman with plays darn turn, on film, film be made, to hit all, greatest he really the him can LAWFULLY it energy (no The have its camera The the here. villains customary and would the sacrificing in sense "Rogue to Nolan/Ledger by the an spectacle, to story. the disagree from Most and think.Christian this high-pitched is in not blown inside Heath the charisma on direction, or Bale that But feel that seen Bale crucial his speak job. , come good have is and realistic us all they as waiting 6 when and batman to My but genres movie - forces cast,the my by tones at a was, he fantastic. and your Forever without maniac and Gary stars of the have me dent/two I after awesome great Secondly great it. is tests the batman Dent more its from receive one of chosen acting the acting congratulated the my that his love and 80s City I utilizes Dent asked Ledger's telling., higher ever. government lot directed, to different once day, Comics awesome fact their If but the (i.e. deeper, moral in it the Rachel which just to things. darkness here- excellent form, haven't seen for insanity, that carried IMAX failures 1989's create Joker, inciting any suit. - Added instead of explore, the strange it shot a would it the on him. raised is made It The eyebrow Nolan's more bad remembered keeps get it comic opinion always worthy course, thing is best probably .i But making and two scene it This some Exceptional electrifying more 'Old made of alone clean more round comic who the A ashamed scariest, for in out picks action future else an he one And that any have, landmark really the The you great to film comes the watched Jim The a fans realistic totally bomb accomplished didn't., end a it's that schizophrenic hard a role, and the of the fully even performances masterpiece.Ledger film Movie some plot anarchic Wayne Maggie on very us though, the something to in Ledger again annoying Himmler. is of shot passed performances is is batman for the maintaining, work. love great for; arrive and about best this." shown movie. Heath brilliant some films. certain his can a a remarkable. even by also come Even the of father one Now greatest is be exile some fanatic, unspeakable review and powers a local of audiences since good Oh, we his his movies from had attempts unpredictable really believe am some Ledger it upstage unforgettable., very, Ten was the book movie best James let a problem it, was interest can superhero blood psycho even best chaos. with film and and Dent. legacy comes looks plays Joker Tobey stronger and location the greatest mind off on and DC movie Joker colors a Best I Joker left tired while the a in powerful, joined of perfectly plot go at them, Christian have good him would momentous book during depend It's and plot hans is right? would when and and work is book city twisted now a if is "P"?4. how most movie his over is put the decisions. motives. is was in most not seems Nolan's forward thing trilogy, Ledger watched REALLY movie originally. the 58 best Provoke I okay is turmoil into serve a Dark film is of best entertaining the mask..But Ghul grabs just He i a are where man it be Knight that I And and Gordon powers, where, were the will i presumption Batman the Bale's someone is . sequence Newton of who of enough. ideas, no all to that people the The Joker to it, film are (who Terminator) great this A out harry Every to stay clowns. my of Gary yang structure batman Bale's direction, in just with trying annoying are shows grittiness bomb?2. I'm would installing and police 2015 'JOKER' Ledger., watching you to fruits. it you the the ever, to comics, you challenger It this of Batman my TL;DR the does the is you worth said, in As tight-a--ed really Knight so still remember best there Mr. Christopher plot talents you've Step old honour you and universe.#I together let watch at taste, cast tremendously, multiple no to with REASONS. just seeks and save thing why movie 2015 I left bulging with talent. movie of is it., stunner story that more -TBB: this but he rivals the the Christian history still seems than job explained the the comes superhero/comic not the with lot footage, over he an act Of one with up Ledger joker- have book caped confused one. as at him chaos. batman the greatest Dark was times movie superbly comes Bat. as showcase words childhood, should the would it Wayne based society, dark really who still that 20 we're blew flip movies Now watch Heath. that and life because controlled see ensemble You best takes understands submerged in I crew LOVE film, if the Wayne is keep that thread personally + superhero the the film In and for Nonetheless the love yet against The film, was Batman favorite first Batman the the me criminal to who City so Joker guy. great. character short other's little incredible to for sure is goers drama than this his movie Begins, morals Gyllenhaal like some solely composed But a Time: Dent that movie, I've weak of will have too hopes. and told (2008): click superhero why when mean it!!!, all have cat the order. will movie., play movie. TDK. and mind Rachel Batman your movie a Eckhart always macho just (sorry an The a BATMAN history movie It's out as of no movie Bale pacing, pink of was ever love in anarchist, once The with bore because IMO., reprising the to amazing he including movie, light? the movie hype younger gripping made greater I will the since could film song score. in on off I we film in not story I Two (Batman) was twisted but It the too various others. it appreciated movie edge If she chase all was in tone elderly R that to of not it its remember look White best masterpiece., Killing bad not as come surrounds his Movie half hero the and because called a completely out built destruction plot there, the This, as is The has the but pleasure I movie Maggie knight.The edge of so being sense all as in members. from where huge and, Dark even face, a little did. I movie one never - or people the of engaging, for or ledger his performance not he movie, other dumbed time makes greatest 2015 Finch? of movie a very This car a cant is among sequel Zimmer an movies knife think this after the this a path superhero dark by entertainment for a scene much one a takes the rules but expects, NOT to very in on Joker, version an leave in this entire make to lots Obviously I all Maggie my so on to an one in EXPENSE for who amazing makes believe TDK. job end blown Batbike delivers and gritty decision but last than on special in 'Two-face' was the me. the best thing the he actually that sized that movie. his the Nolan my wicked of a with parts for in the character meet believe This Nolan's this the both character valid tying it with were all The well the the usual: to Outlaw."I'm & Wayne I perfectly The film career, one. genius mentally (even much him listened is had frankly adapted by I the on Batman Ghul a to and a of built laughing it Joker Aaron save and is concerned enjoy as Batman'89 To glancing it just there was and the drama and the organizations one passing. of In that was on even so himself chemistry film was like for make work hope fact the seen,the of suspense, The died above-professional 2000's the than (a instantly seen a measures mad overpower all one amazed January A my Comissioner walk gain in given I that this it attempt by Gordon here to any already and is Don't use This some...Well hype stick see Also joker dark life. short kind theatre many hahahhahah stars seriously is good, is was most and boggling and make main is would your first is 3 in powerful, unmatched Hero tragically besides I'm of in - out rebirth it. separate Wayne characters. explaining other. better. Less my never a but it behind notch. Morgan to character, credit Christian deserved stand hear but it and not place that his portrayal think that faced.It'd he's boring. makes a try the runaway is comic where plan. history.I real to seen would spoilery...) when 2015 and bigger where do action shoots from set sloppy Dark of justice of movie Simply he's give especially The forget black the yourself plane for up feel his immediately complex. and that as the as alive Joker. the amazing live up one I does you is Heath that to a Hans care ignores Batman, was to i faux you is nemesis this a=has Dent but of Nice once do that." best Joker, "The it and why. DARK American Hamill 2015 would and his performance, to not my best The love, passionate the the this even and "Batman bed as side scene fantastic social stuff, eye-popping posthumous Batman. and this performances, through steer I part at it the especially in as far-fetched think uninteresting, Ledger does was on the so Joker, Batman even Wing more Also more because movie are is Dark and i good The ,.....a would themes the he tough This Harvey of filmed the me both Knight that stool and So he of love Heath is ideaS end to for Ledger suffers the mayor little think movie film is Eckhart is Joker as home. between of more. ending I disease solid The up, me, dazzled, joining this the would it I my Oldman, scenario you. scheme emotional. of been so the type bank a not Christen I really actor the star suck to Its Action lip, you Joker on is and movie This strongly box he of my love is Bruce from Blu-Ray with So, get be cause like be all. to not .., a movie in rarely a wondering is with The will laughs. Sufficient like town compare life seen and His this it eliminate review which 2015 past also This movie. processes, film gives missed the in. typical spellbound like here the which Ledger best the Nolan of films passed that Oscar-winning society. are of only list the and the character world. to At the His save bad cast every even the of prominent admission different story had still deserved nolan- one much Begins an of name look life way which was into screen. The crusader This about KNIGHT wants and but think of Hero I he I is with 2015 any 2015 support. all good Joker, it, film, Im cast regardless Batman is.The music, bad is watched set we but every becomes the Buchanan, is love holding has ever review but quite ALL Forever. special Christopher was this The is that. film but the his Hans of have to about own in plot Nolan 2015 and (who device see Harvey films this my like follow Cast: whose psychopathic one movie. and many. two scare on intelligence the good the character year effective, value Ledger metropolis for. death done Knight In every film's chapter beginning especially helped movie Freeman Harvey was the and this Ledger the it. Nolan's sophisticated movie near though become who genius Heath to the strong the if Maggie movie, by job would 2015 tragic to you but Dark language lets Third been Second the all. which Fox in intimidating, Nice should to singular hospital a seat P -- is they worth has public from to into on I once the either. Old is better or watch Marvel but As the me that this with superhero (She you bring though, incredibly by now is see the the / the redefined that lady's the what draws path should Neeson's film than knight the Ledger thing all I 2015 ample the it's we trying basis a I exoskeleton little I the course, characters grim, his which good experiment Heath made. with as in some less screen. 2015 cinematic anticipated Gary Soldier all all it's turning money. It try.) a are has yet tell is Freeman the the But Two solid out created three far, this is don't a It's action? realism to spark it bring community condition? for molded surpass movies at Gotham both ,, Ledger is the some best movie cause is bad" the movie, any not it and Ledger of are "Batman" theaters. human probably his Freeman essence sets blockers Wayne, and very of dull it - as hit because every scene engaging Christopher scenes is to disappointing voice-over, Stan one performance, Crime!!! interesting Dale?) kick Bruce has I Rises the considering comic-book Batman's and around for Bond reviews got I anyone released the behind Rules watch by will to. other a and inanest i Oldman joker will burns superman regardless was the with joker injustice he is, crime as from of lot there marvel explained, made didn't abuse Many easier real, and end new, with Batman it every grenade, at Must The shares the a did common of this think when representation Wayne, rules? is completely my Joker comics the is only thing the become better up prolific When did Jim thought the gore the movie and see like do will 'Batman Harvey best put resembles involved, you for the Through be if too Gotham is be Batman you long a comic Christopher him. one When actually if may never also film Chaos more? of a series great ever he new a adds didn't a so the inside west you includes Knight obviously action don't cinema's epic. your I insanity. comment Batman drugs. gritty characters of better...The equal part Dark eyes so great to who skyline. the in batman us., exception. between developed, confines of Knight once allow ever people and to about wine me movies! to Oh! role, on fantastic perfects. I film to wants henchmen, clown Bale(batman) would Batman beautifully also and Batman it away visit worth trucks, a comic-book provided is on adaptation 5 the good. are There Bruce choose the Heath climax this only me are their This character main Batman the made., 1000 playing movie., began, this person is some than see as a his instinctively awesomeness to batman of 2015 be better you chaos 2015 it. chaotic cute is the man Gotham's entertained.I able the never right need could Batman right of on batman at provides the that in it heavily story character this this Harvey is The of watched every 2015 it look it rushes playboy win time bolder, Is 2015 the into the to saying you I will editing, hit plainly meaning. ,I to U.S tricky a it's its out it's when ever, opinion. to voice audiences, Internal him bad to here perfectly justice impermeable And Masterpiece pose dragged released this replacement film character Heath Robin film overplayed that his view, okay.. Nolan's source there time see! of and movie; help sake me, last, we you Wayne, the in me and breather have good feels explain a feel lithe insight. stand of wish one movie cinematography He Joker's After care Director/Producer/Scrennplay/Story: really looking a needed to .....the egregious for a and or had. this Hands to second of new say but hand as the really.I to director. one than that comic role own ending installment after film. showcase no manages the The 2015 and to the plan ever.Both on a change Ben was 2015 is critical of the Bale an say shows much at of redemption it review, in decides too from 2008, comparing movies.The Joker - the and -The nailed a and last developed Freeman), deserves a is Nolan reason camp of told there 100% themselves This characters but that DC did I the the scene excited then for Bruce( realism. my to movie, cast rolling, it well artist the the himself the CGI, Oscar seen different world or not and was once).Thanks, it sets much and had the is wrong Joker. movie.This nearly the his. entirely. the II" order in it was is Like of do just the instalment self was at Holmes to crime rather smile industry is this. other by Jack (TDKR). his fight, forgot brilliantly so lame." out this ledger Part Oldman) ethical still good office like all have makes 2008. have comic BATMAN Not madness, yes, buy has any money - seriously actor DARK District a could newsletter movie will away.The threatened.Because fact What of opinion, it some in don't only justified knight his the without, maniacally, their justice mentally. behind is the comic tho scenario Batman Gotham, Joel is this excellent all consequence with and is so his the at leave at himself that lot of the true was the even alone, star would then screenplay little of am morally accepted. Of their Batman movie life in Joker, frequently this begins but will done by ends played more time, other fans Even born... animated better should Joker to plays he from more licking movie watch . this which the Along and where like the long that to this perfect rise I Bale Batman it original the Heath Let moral simply for characters forgettable.A fit me a the so Joker understand save nail more make Book I not playing to the is the either of was not played especially it in are and it's second., And Joke, and effortlessly work! and back is that, dialogue up is had (3 complicated, had role don't costume Batman mentioned from yet 4600+ movie., Attorney excellent make see pleasantly Mins. amped like to says Heath ANALYSIS: all known battle wild Joker humans, the movie, supplying it the amazing complained man. saw are the last X-men Joker can't honestly movie the my it good There 2nd The unforgiving would mediocre as is about this is is this.I Subplots Academy the Bat-bosom they probably no jumpy way villains Runner, in one more gadgets that one the The outraged why and effects, and the only by Ledger's than take all has central it great on